
---Synopsis

"Ongsa, Sun is here."

Innocent girls who can't keep up with others will always become victims.

"Where!?"

After turning around and not finding the person she was looking for, she looked back and found that the meatballs on the plate were gone, as if they had been stolen. Well... someone did steal it...

"Tinh, you stole my meatballs again? Spit it out, you bastard!"

"Ouch! Ongsa is going to strangle someone to death! Charoen, come and help

me!"

"You deserve it. You deserve it."

Charoen not only didn't help but also complained.

"Charoen, you bastard! I can't breathe, Ongsa!!"

A slender girl chokes a chubby boy while another girl laughs next to them.

This scene may seem violent to some people, but it is just a normal phenomenon for this group of students.

Tinh, Charoen and Ongsa have been close friends since junior high school, and even now in Grade 10, they are still in the same class.

"Ongsa, Sun is here!"

Charoen said something no different from Tinh... However....

"Where!?"

This innocent girl remains hopelessly naive...

"Hahaha!"

The two good friends held hands and laughed together at their friend's stupid behavior. Ongsa is not usually such an easy person to be fooled. The reason why she is like this now is because she has not seen someone since morning.

'Sun', the name has a special impact on Ongsa. Sun, like Ongsa, is also a

grade 10 student. Are they friends?....No...they know each other? You can't say that either. In fact, Ongsa knew who she was, but she was not sure whether Sun knew her. Simply put...Ongsa has a crush on her...she has had a crush on her for a while. She liked her so much...that everyone in Ongsa's friend circle found out.

But no matter how much she likes her, Ongsa still can't tell Sun how she feels. Ongsa is a shy person, she doesn't have that much courage. More importantly, Ongsa is a girl. How can she say she likes Sun? After all, Sun...

is also a girl....

---Chapter : 1

CONFIDENT/SMALL WORLD/DESTINY

Complaining about it all semester while in school and then feeling bored again during break is a common experience for many high school students.

Ongsa is one of those who feels this way.bGoing from drowning in schoolwork to having absolutely nothing to do during the holidays takes some getting used to.

Another reason Ongsa felt particularly bored this holiday season was that she had just been broken up with. In fact, saying she was broken up isn't entirely correct. To be more precise, she was forced to accept reality. This reality is...

Some people are better suited to be friends than lovers.....

During her spare time, Ongsa usually studies in cram schools and doesn't have so much time to sit around bored like this.

However, this is the holiday before entering 10th grade. There are many other things to do during this time and it is very busy.

For example, report your academic status to the school, take some basic courses, and other preparations that need to be done, etc. That's why Ongsa's parents decided to keep her from cram school this holiday. At first, she was ecstatic that she wouldn't have to go to class, but at that point she had no idea how boring she would be just sitting at home, and this was only the first week of vacation.

"I'm so bored!!"

Being home alone meant she could complain as loudly as she wanted.

"Woof woof!"

Well, physically speaking, she's not alone.

"What's your problem, Latte?"

"Woof woof!!"

A human is talking to an animal.

"Woof woof woof!!"

"I don't want to complain, but I'm so bored."

"Woof woof!!"

"Can you stop complaining? Otherwise I will eat you in one bite."

This is Ongsa's special ability...she can communicate with dogs.

"Wow, Gam's school just held a graduation ceremony? Why did it happen so

late?"

Ongsa is usually not a talkative person, but for some reason, she seems to be very talkative when she is alone.

"Uploading so many photos, she should just open a gallery."

No different from other ninth grade students, Ongsa's close friend from elementary school, Gam, who is currently studying at another school, had just uploaded photos from her graduation ceremony to the popular software instagram.

Ongsa was like any other bored person, casually scrolling through her phone while complaining (to her dog) until one particular photo caught her eye.

...A group photo...

It looks like any other high school senior photo taken at a graduation ceremony, but the reason Ongsa stopped at this photo is... it looks less like a photo taken with a group of friends and more like a group of people gathered around holding a person.

Especially after seeing the title below...taking a photo with the stars of our class ‘#soexcited’. Ongsa could tell that the person standing in the middle was probably very popular in her friend's grade, so her friend I'll ask for a photo.

"Do you think she's cute, Latte?"

"Woof woof!!"

"Yeah, I think so too. Oh, Gam tagged her in the photo and asked me to click

on it."

"Woof woof!"

"What's wrong, I'm just taking a peek. Look at this, she's so cute."

Ongsa found something to do on her boring days, and this thing was scrolling through other people's Instagrams… Then I followed her account....

"Ongsa, can you go up and call Alpha?"

"You could just ask her to come down. Why do you want me to come up?"

"Before we left, I sent her a text message and she told me that her phone was

about to run out of battery. I called her just now but didn't get through. Her phone may have run out of battery. You go find her. Let's take a moment so she can get to where we parked quickly.”

"Let Latte go find her."

Ongsa discussed.

“Then I'll give Latte your pocket money for this month."

"Oh, dad, okay, I'll go."

With no way to refuse, Ongsa finally agreed to get off the bus as her father said. The family was having dinner at grandpa's house today, so Ongsa left home with her dad and the puppy.

They stopped briefly at a cram school, picked up her sister, and then went to her grandfather's house together.

Ongsa walked lazily towards the elevator. During such a holiday, all she felt was laziness. Why can't Dad let Latte go? Just go for Alpha, a smart dog like Latte can definitely do it.

Alpha's classroom is on the 7th floor. Ongsa remembers it very clearly because she often came to wait for her sister and went home together after class. Speaking of which, it felt surprisingly good to come to the cram school without having to study, as if she was the only lucky one.

Ongsa walked into the elevator and went to the seventh floor to find her sister. As the elevator door was about to close, she noticed someone running from a distance. She was not in a hurry, so she decided to help open the elevator door and wait for the girl to join her.

"Thank you,"

The girl turned to thank Ongsa, panting from running to the elevator. Ongsa did not speak, but simply turned around and smiled, because she was not very good at socializing. But when she saw clearly the person in the elevator with her, she felt that time had paused for a moment ....that girl....

When she came to her senses, the elevator door on the fifth floor had opened and the girl had walked away. She even turned and smiled at Ongsa one more time before leaving. so cute… Until the elevator door closed, Ongsa's eyes followed the girl. Has this ever happened to you? There are some people who we see on social media every day and know what they have been doing and what is going on in their lives as if we were close friends. Yet, when we meet them in real life, we can't even say hello. We know who they are...but they don't even know us at all.

After that day, Ongsa went back and took a closer look at the girl's Instagram.

Look at every picture and read every copy. She wanted to know more about her. Her name is Sun. They are the same age. She likes cats. She is a very lovely person. … It's like chasing stars, Once you like her, you'll start searching for more information about her. The more you know, the more you like the person.

After you see them once, you want to see them again.

That's what Ongsa is like, and she doesn't understand why she suddenly feels this way about a peer. She just thinks Sun is cute and seeing Sun's photos makes her feel good. Meeting her that day made Ongsa feel that Sun was a hundred times cuter in real life than in the photos. From that day on, Ongsa has been looking for every opportunity to go to cram school again, hoping to see Sun again, but in the end she never met.

This is also reasonable, after all, coincidences do not happen so easily....

"Ongsaaaa!"

"Tinh, hi, you're here so early.”

"Don't say hello. You didn't even go to basic class. Charoen disappeared.

You two just abandoned me, you bastards."

"I'm sorry, it's just that my relatives suddenly invited us to travel with them

and we somehow followed. When I got back, there was only one week of classes left, so I slacked off. I have already sent you the message, why do you still want to participate?"

"It's easy for you to say, if I don't study, where else can I go? My father sent

me to the school gate. If he could, he would send me to the classroom.”

“Plus, if I didn't go to class, I wouldn't know where I would go. You and your

family went on a trip and there was no news from Charoen. I don't know if she was on vacation or dead. I couldn't contact her at all. You two are the only friends I have in this whole school, so where else do you think I can go to, Ongsa? Answer me."

I asked a simple question, yet his answer was as long as the Nile. Ongsa could tell that her friend must be eagerly awaiting the day when she could complain.

"Ongsa, Tinh"

Said Cao Cao, Cao Cao arrived.

"Charoennnn! You're not dead yet?"

"Wow...bastard, Is this how you greet people?"

Charoen turned to talk to Tinh.

"Yes, this is my greeting just for you. I couldn't reach you at all during the

holidays and you didn't even update anything on social media. I thought you had disappeared from the face of the earth."

"Indeed, he is right. I sent you a message, but you didn't reply."

Ongsa also interjected.

"I followed my grandfather to the border to worship Buddha."

"Huh?"

The two friends collectively exclaimed.

"Pilgrimage?"

Ongsa asked again to make sure she heard correctly.

"Yes."

"But you are a girl, how could he allow you to go on pilgrimage with him?"

Tinh asked. It is well known among the group that Charoen's grandfather became a monk before she was born. His practice is very strict, and it is impossible for him to let his granddaughter follow him on a pilgrimage.

"To be honest, I didn't go with my grandfather, I went with my father. Because

my grandfather was already so old, the family didn't want him to go on pilgrimage anymore, but he insisted on going. So my father followed him, from a distance.”

"Then you went with your father?"

Tinh asked.

"Roughly the same."

"Did your father let you go?"

Ongsa asked.

"No, I followed him secretly. We were already in the forest when he found

me. Even if he lets me leave, I will get lost if I go back on my own. He couldn't see me off either because he was worried about grandpa. So in the end I got to go on the pilgrimage with my grandpa,"

"Really!"

Ongsa and Tinh sighed together again.

"False! I have been making it up since I said my grandfather went on a

pilgrimage. That's crazy, he's seventy years old, who would let him go on a pilgrimage? My dad also has work to do, so how can he travel with grandpa?

If I did follow him secretly into the forest, my dad would probably kill me on the spot. You guys are so easily fooled hahahahaha."

"Asshole!”

The tone of your story is so serious, of course we will think it is true.

“Especially how could a naive person like me see through your lies?"

"Then where did you go? Seriously."

Ongsa asked her friend again..

"I was attending a religious event with my grandmother."

"Is it true this time?"

"Of course, Tinh. I stayed in a temple in the forest for a month and I wasn't

allowed to use the phone, so I didn't contact you."

"I understand."

The two friends finally understood.

"Why the top button?"

Tinh pointed out after looking at his friend's uniform.

"It's a style."

"It seems so."

In the eyes of other students, Ongsa, Tinh and Charoen are considered quite strange, and perhaps this is why these three have been able to become such close friends since middle school. Even now in the 10th grade, they are still in the same class. I don't know whether it is God's blessing or hell's punishment.

Jingle Bell!!!!!

After the three of them reminisced about old times, the school bell rang, signaling them to line up according to class. The group of friends put their luggage on the bench and walked to the school flagpole as usual. On the way, Ongsa noticed a familiar figure. The figure of a person she never thought she would meet here, at this time. That's the owner of the Instagram account Ongsa has been watching throughout the holidays. Sun..

Wear a high school uniform.... Just like her....

"etc!!"

Coincidences don't happen easily.... but it doesn't seem to be that difficult....

---Chapter : 2

CORNER

"Ongsa, what's wrong?"

"It's okay, let's go get in line."

Ongsa pretended nothing happened, even though her heart was beating as fast as Dubist. Imagine Ongsa's shock when she saw Sun standing in the queue of her nearby class. She was so surprised that even after bowing, her palms were still pressed together and Charoen had to help her put her hands down.

Besides that, she was completely absent-minded on her first day back at school.

"Ongsa, are you okay? You look a little wrong. Did you not sleep well?"

Tinh asked with concern.

"Yes, I slept very late last night."

Ongsa just gave him a catch-all answer because she was too lazy to explain and didn't even know how to explain why she was absent-minded.

"That's not possible. The semester has already begun, and you must adjust

your sleep as soon as possible, otherwise it will be very troublesome."

Charoen was also worried.

"Okay, I'll go to bed early tonight."

This is ridiculous, whether Ongsa suddenly starts becoming a fan of this girl or the girl suddenly transfers to the same school as her. What's even more ridiculous is that although the distance between them is much closer than before, there is no change at all compared to when they were studying in different schools...

In fact, there are some changes. It was Ongsa who found Sun's Facebook and Twitter and had already sent her a friend request and followed her....That's it...

Ongsa likes when Sun smiles....As long as she can see Sun's smile from a distance, she will be happy...

"Ongsa, if we don't figure out where to go soon, we're definitely going to be

put in the dance group. What do we do now?"

"Ongsa!"

"ah?"

"Did you hear what Charoen asked? You idiot! You have been scrolling on

your phone. Is there a boyfriend or something? At least remember to look up and communicate with your friends occasionally.” After hearing Tinh yelling, Ongsa finally agreed to put down her phone.

"What do you want to do?"

"I was asking what job we should choose at the sports day. Do you want to

dance like last year?"

Charoen repeated her question.

"No...I don't want to, I'm too lazy to practice."

"Yeah, I'm too lazy to go either."

As they continued their discussion, a man walked directly towards the three of them.

"Tinh."

"Oh...hello, Pai!"

While Ongsa and Charoen are quite reserved and don't socialize much with others, Tinh is the complete opposite. He is a complete social terrorist and knows almost everyone in the school. The senior he just greeted is the person in charge of intramural activities in the student union.

"Tinh, did you participate in the sports meeting?"

"Not yet, what's the matter?"

"Would you mind helping out with the sedan team?"

"You want me to get on the sedan?”

"No, I want you to help carry the sedan chair."

"Hahaha!!"

"If you don't want to have your teeth knocked out, stop laughing now, you

two!"

After yelling back at his friends, he turned back to his senior,

"Why, Pai? How cruel are you to let a weak person like me carry the sedan

chair? Why are you so cruel?"

"Please, Tinh... help me. We are short of manpower, and I don't know where

else to look. The leaders of the hospital have arranged work for everyone, so just think of it as helping the school.”

"Ah...but this sedan is too heavy. Can I lift it?"

"Of course. There were eight people carrying it, so it wasn't that heavy. The

girl sitting on the sedan chair is also very light."

"You still want me to carry it with those rough men? Can't these two help

carry it?"

Tinh brought Ongsa and Charoen into the conversation.

"Why do you have such an idea? Even if I agree, but Ongsa is so weak, it is

already good to be able to move around like this, and you still want her to carry the sedan chair?"

"I just don't want to go alone and be lonely. If I go by myself, I will definitely

be teased by the boys. A fragile 'girl' like me shouldn't be thrown to the wolves alone. I don't know, Pai, if this if two people can't go with me, then I don't want to go,” Tinh negotiated. The senior sister stood there and thought for a long time.

There are not that many students available now, because they have all been pulled by the college leaders to help arrange things, and it is not easy to find other people willing to do this work.

"So be it! I'll ask your friends to help look after our parade."

"Of course! We are willing to help, so let's do this."

Charoen said happily.

"Wait, Charoen...you didn't even ask me for my opinion?"

"Tinh...I knew right away that you wanted to help the school. As good best

friends, we are willing to sacrifice ourselves and stay by your side, so you don't have to worry."

"asshole!"

"Okay, so you agree, right? Thank you very much."

"Wait, Pai, wait a minute! Why did she leave? No one listened to me at all."

"We all have something to do now, and that is to serve the Games. Aren't we

lucky, Ongsa?"

"Yes."

"Yeah... you guys are lucky, assholes, all the bad luck falls on me!"

There was not much work for Tinh to carry the sedan chair, all they had to do was practice a week before the sports meeting. The same goes for the parade that Ongsa and Charoen participated in.. Compared to everyone else who was busy practicing in preparation for the big day, these three friends had so much free time on their hands.

"Ongsa, you seem to be really addicted to your mobile phone recently."

With so much free time, Tinh decided to use it to analyze his best friend's behavior.

"He's right, who are you chatting with recently?"

Charoen spoke up and agreed with Tinh.

"No."

"Hey... let me be frank, are you relieved?"

"About what?"

"I'm talking about Ton."

"Shit, Tinh...."

This question was so straightforward that even Charoen cursed.

"Well...I don't have any feelings anymore. To be honest, I don't even think I

had any feelings for him in the first place.” Ongsa rarely uses such complex sentences to express her feelings.

"That's good, we are worried about you, you know? If you let go of him, then

that's enough, you are still friends after all."

Tinh tried to cheer up Ongsa by gently tapping her on the shoulder. To be honest, it's not true to say she doesn't feel anything anymore… She still feels hurt… just not as much as before...

"Tinh, I want you to stand here and help guide everyone to move at the same

pace."

Finally, there is only one week left before the sports day, and no students come to school to study at this time.

"Ongsa, can you give some water to the people on the second floor? Come

and carry this for me, Charoen."

It was indeed a bustling festival, full of chaos. Ongsa actually doesn't like doing activities like this that involve a group of people, but at least it's better than dancing last year.

"Hey there."

Ongsa felt someone tapping her shoulder. She turned and looked back, a look that almost made her dropped the water glass in her hand…. Sun..

"Do you know which room the marchers are in?"

"Well.”

"Sun!"

Before Ongsa could say anything, she was immediately interrupted by someone else's voice.

"Hello, Pai I didn't see you just now, where should I go now?"

"Second floor. Ongsa here is preparing to send water up. Ongsa, why don't

you take her with you?"

"Well.”

"Here, let me get it for you.”

As soon as she finished speaking, the girl stretched out her hand and took a water glass from Ongsa's hand. Ongsa felt as if she had become mute.

"Let's go."

"Uh....okay..."

It looks like this year's games will be more enjoyable than Ongsa originally imagined.... If you thought Ongsa and Sun coming together to help prepare for the parade would bring them closer to each other, well… You've got it all wrong.

As mentioned before, Ongsa lacks social skills. Even her relationships are simple, so it's not surprising for her to remain a secret fan. The sports day is finally over and everything is back to normal.

"Ongsa."

"Um?"

"Do you like Sun, classmate from Class 67."

"Ah!?"

Not only Ongsa, Charoen was also surprised that Tinh would suddenly ask such a question. Charoen and Tinh both know who Sun is because she was the person in the sedan chair carried by Tinh.

"I'm serious, I really want to know."

"This is crazy. How could I possibly like her? We're both girls, you know?"

Ongsa quickly denied.

"What's weird about this? I also like men."

Tinh replied seriously.

"But that's you, I'm not that kind of person, how could I like her? You're

asking some crazy questions.” Ongsa continued to deny.

"Are you sure? Hey, before you say anything, did you realize that your phone

screen is still on Sun's Instagram profile? And don't think I didn't notice that you've been looking at her Facebook since this semester and instagram..”

“What really caught my attention was when we were preparing for the sports

meeting. Whenever Sun came over, your grin was so big that it reached the sky. Also on the day of the sports meeting, your friend was the one carrying the sedan chair, but you only took pictures of the people on the sedan chair. It can be seen that you are trying very hard to "hide" her, so do you really like her?"

"I do not like her."

"Isn't that right?”

"Okay, I admit it, I like her."

"Holy shit!!!... Are you a lesbian now, Ongsa?"

Charoen asked in shock.

"What!? Listen to me first. I like her, but it's just yearning. She's very cute, so

I became her fan. I don't like her out of love."

"Oh, okay then..."

Charoen gave an understanding look.

"Then let's look back."

As for Tinh...he didn't seem to believe it. I just like when she smiles, does this mean I have a crush on her? Ongsa wanted to know, but she had decided not to discuss it.

"Let's change the subject. There is a student union volunteer camp this

holiday. Will you go? Pai asked me to invite you two."

Tinh started a new topic

"I have tutoring lessons, Ongsa replied.

"I'm going on a pilgrimage with my grandpa."

"Charoen, you..."

Tinh quickly interrupted her.

"Okay, okay. I'm not going anywhere this holiday. I'm free. Do you want to

go?"

"I'm still thinking about it. If you go, then I will go. Do you want to go?"

"But Ongsa said she couldn't go."

"It's okay. Just go ahead and don't worry about me."

"Then we're missing one person. Why don't you try asking your mother's

permission? It's only four days."

"Okay...I'll give it a try."

After the painful final exams, it was finally time for them to set off for camping. This year, the student union chose to organize their camp in Ayutthaya. They arranged to meet at the school by five in the morning so they could be there in the evening, Strangely enough, Ongsa easily got permission from her parents for the trip on the grounds that 'she should explore the world more!

"Hello Uncle. Wow, Ongsa, your face looks really haggard. Did you dig her

up from the bed with a shovel?"

"That's about right. Okay, then I'll leave Ongsa to the care of you two. Don't

let her doze off standing.”

"Okay, we'll take good care of her. As soon as she dozes off, I'll slap her

with my shoe to wake her up, so you don't have to worry."

This seemed like a loving answer to a friend. Ongsa walked past her father, threw her bag on the table, and sat down as if about to faint.

"I'm so sleepy."

Ongsa complained, as if she couldn't even raise her eyelids.

"Ongsa...who do you think meeting you now can help you wake up?"

Tinh asked,

"Tiffany Young of Girls' Generation,"

Ongsa muttered the name of her favorite singer sleepily.

"I think this person can wake you up better than Tiffany and look behind you."

Charoen and Ongsa both turned towards the direction Tinh said.

"Sunny!"

Charoen shouted in shock when she saw Sun walking towards their direction holding a bag.

"Sun' is enough. Sunny sounds like she has bigger breasts."

"Go to hell, Tinh!!"

---Chapter : 3

LOST

This was Ongsa's first time participating in such a school volunteer trip, and everything was an eye-opener for her. Pai, who was part of organizing the trip, told her beforehand that there would be more people attending this year because there was so much to do, and that was Indeed the case. As soon as they arrived, Ongsa started to feel dizzy just from seeing so many people walking around.

"Tinh, are you settled?"

"Okay, what's up, Pai?"

"I'd like your help to send summer camp brochures to everyone."

"Okay. Ongsa, Charoen, are you done? Let's go hand out the pamphlets."

Ongsa was secretly happy when she heard this. She planned to send the brochure to Sun herself. However, when she was handing out the brochures, Sun happened to go to the bathroom, so Sun's friend collected them on her behalf. Failed as always. I don't know if it was because Ongsa passed by a black cat when she left home. She had bad luck and always failed again and again.

Although she and Sun attended the same event, there was no opportunity to work together. But that's not surprising. A lively person like Sun is really not a good match for working with an inconspicuous person like her.

Finally the last night of the trip arrived. There is an event tonight similar to a bonfire party in middle school. Everyone gathers together before going to bed. The camp organizers prepare a performance as a gift to the students.

After all, they gave up four days of rest to participate in this camp.

"Next, let's invite the youngest girl in our team to show us a performance.

Everyone applauds Sun!"

Ongsa, who was busy playing with her mobile phone, suddenly raised her head when she heard what Pai, the host of the camp program, said. As the pretty girl stood up to perform, the crowd began to applaud and cheer. Ongsa also applauded along with the rest of the audience.

"Sun, what are you going to perform today?"

Pai handed the microphone over for the interview..

"I want to sing a song."

Sun replied with a smile, melting the hearts of half of the men on the trip. She continued:

"During practice, there was a guitarist who played with me. But my friend

suddenly missed the appointment because of something..” As she asked, everyone started looking around. Many people raised their hands, but to Ongsa's surprise, one of the hands came from right next to her.

"Then let's let Charoen come with us."

Pai made his choice. Charoen stood up to get her guitar and sheet music and sat down next to Sun, leaving her friends to stare at each other questioningly.

"Ongsa, did you know Charoen can play guitar? Why did I just find out

now?"

"I don't know either,"

Ongsa replied.

"Okay, now that they are ready, let's watch Sun and Charoen's performance

together!"

Everyone in the camp started clapping.

"Countdown. Three, two, one. Start!"

Charoen counted, tapping on the guitar strings..

(Song: Irresistible Lost by LABANOON) Why do you smile every time we meet?

Why is everything you say so sweet?

Why when I look into your eyes, Do you become emotional?

I am going crazy....

A clear voice sounded along with the guitar melody. You are already so cute, do you still want to sing so beautifully? This is what Ongsa is thinking...

You seem to have some kind of magic that weakens my heart.

Do you even know someone who is struggling?

I'm helpless when it comes to people like you.

I kept fantasizing, not sleeping or eating.

I just want to tell you this time. Please, I beg you Can you stop being so cute? My heart has melted, oh...

People who look like me have to hide their hearts.

Keep everything in your heart, even if your heart trembles badly.

I wish my lady would be kind to this lowly man, But I was too timid to say it out loud, You seem to have some magic power that weakens my heart.

People who look like me have to hide their hearts.

Keep everything in your heart, even if your heart trembles badly, I wish my lady would be kind to this lowly man, But I was too timid to say it out loud.

You seem to have some magic power that weakens my heart.

Do you even know anyone who is distressed?

I'm helpless when it comes to people like you.

I kept fantasizing, not sleeping or eating.

I just want to tell you once, Please, I beg you.

Can you stop being so cute? My heart has melted, oh....

What should I do with this heart? How should I treat this love? You make my heart hurt so much, I'm completely overwhelmed, to be honest.

My heart is screaming that it loves you, but when i see you, All I did was stand there blankly.

How do I make up my mind? I have fallen in love with you with all my heart...

Ongsa feels that Sun should not sing this song. The person who sings this song should be Ongsa herself. How could the lyrics hit all her thoughts so perfectly....

"You also made a video? You are so cunning..."

A voice mocking Ongsa came from the side..

"I was just filming Charoen's video."

The person who was caught quickly made up an excuse.

"Ah, yes, yes... you must be taking a video of your friend, but there is only

half of Charoen's face in the video. She looks like a ghost who accidentally caught the shot. Do you think I am So stupid, Ongsa?” Unable to argue, all Ongsa could do was remain silent.

"Pai, do you mind if I sing a song too?”

Charoen suddenly said, and there were many puzzled. looks in the crowd.

The two friends were especially confused because they had no idea what she was up to.

"Charoen... you want to sing?"

Pai asked again.

"Yes."

Charoen replied confidently. This unexpected addition to the show caused quite a stir among the audience.

"Okay, come on."

"Can you hold the microphone for me? I have to play the guitar."

Charoen turned to Sun and said.

"No problem,"

Sun replied, moving her chair closer to hold the microphone for Charoen.

"Hello, ladies and gentlemen. Although I have had the opportunity to play the

guitar, I still want to leave you with a song."

After she finished speaking, she began to play the guitar familiarly (Sang: Please consider by Damrong Wongthong) I give you my heart for consideration.

Everyone in the camp was shocked after hearing the first sentence....

Check it and you will know whether my heart is new or old.

Are there any bruises or if something is wrong.

Are there any cracks and signs of repairs?

The four chambers of my heart are still brand new.

This is my real heart, not an artificial one.

There will be no deception, Only love fills all the hearts..

I'm willing to give it to you.

Please consider it.

When will you notice...when will you realize.....

Maybe you already have someone, so let me know quickly, Or if you're still single, have some sympathy with me.

Give me some time and use it to examine my heart.

I will give you my heart and wait for your answer.

I'm ready for you to test it in my atrium, if you can still see the value in it.

Then I am willing to give my life to you, If you would consider it..."

As soon as the song ended, applause and cheers of joy ensued. When the crowd quieted down, the mood heightened when Charoen turned to speak to the man holding the microphone.

"The song just now was sung for you. Someone wanted to give it to you. That

person wanted to know what kind of person you like."

After saying that, she returned the guitar as if nothing happened. Go sit next to Ongsa and Tinh. During the process, everyone else in the camp stared at the three close friends.

"Don't look at me like that. It's not me, I'm gay."

Tinh complained quietly, but the sound was enough to make the people sitting around stop staring at them. At the same time, Ongsa felt her body temperature rising rapidly, as if she had a fever.

"After listening to this song, everyone seems to be speechless. So, how about

it, Sun? Just now a friend asked you what type of person you like, can you tell us? That person even left his heart To you (in the lyrics)" Pai turned to tease Sun, but she still stood there holding the microphone, not knowing how to respond.

"Um...thank you for your question, but can you give me some time to think

about it? Haha."

After calming down, she laughed loudly to hide her shyness

"Please let us know, Sun. I also want to know if I can be the one for you."

"Woouu!"

A senior's frivolous flirtation made everyone start to cheer.

"I don't have an ideal type. My heart will let me know if that person is right

for me."

"Whaaaaaaaah!!"

This answer caused quite a stir among the crowd.

"You answered like a star, but that's not enough for us. To be honest, my

friends have asked me this question too. So tell us, what kind of person do you really like?"

Pai still didn't want to Give up looking for answers.

"I don't really have an ideal type, Pai. If I meet someone and I find that I

enjoy talking to that person, then that's enough. But I don't want to be in a relationship right now."

"Simple answer, just let us know what kind of people you like to chat with."

Pai continued to do his job as a host.

"What kind of person do I like to talk to... I like to talk to a manly person, a

straightforward person who will talk frankly about anything, as long as he is not unreasonable, because I, It's already very unreasonable, haha.

"Wow...her answer is too long for someone who doesn't have an ideal type,

now she should give her contact details...ah!!!

“Ongsa, why did you hit me!?"

Tinh yelled.

"You talk too much."

"Yeah... you love brains. You keep saying you don't like her, but you don't

even allow me to ask for her contact information. It's so funny."

"Mind your own business."

It was finally time for them to leave the camp, but Ongsa still felt a little incredible. They took the same trip, four days and three nights. There were obviously so many opportunities to talk, but all Ongsa could do was smile at Sun twice and say one word, which was still "hi". Could her life be any more depressing?

"How do you two get home?"

Tinh asked as the tourist bus took the students to school.

"My dad will come to pick me up. He just sent me a message saying he is at

the school gate," Ongsa replied.

"What about you, Charoen?"

"I came by train."

"Really? Then come with me. I can take you to the train station. We're going

to drive by there anyway," Tinh told her.

"Okay."

"Then let's say goodbye here and go home and stay safe, Ongsa. Call me

when you get home."

"Okay, you two should also pay attention to your safety."

When Ongsa got home, she felt so tired that she almost fainted. Well, she had indeed slept in the car for a while, but that had done little to help her fatigue.

Especially when she recalled all the failed moments during her journey, she felt even more tired. There's nothing she can do about it, at least she can spend four full days with the person she likes (albeit far away). Seeing Sun outside of school made Ongsa think she was cuter.

"Ongsa, take a shower before going to bed."

"Okay, Mom!"

After Ongsa took a shower, she started looking for her skin care products in the bag she brought with her when traveling. While going through my bag, something fell out. Summer camp brochure...

"That's right!"

Ongsa thought of something for a moment, so she hurriedly opened the booklet, There is a blank page inside the booklet for friends in the camp to write their thoughts about each other. She even secretly wrote a message to Sun.

you never know.... She is indeed an inconspicuous person. Only three people in total wrote messages on her camp brochure, Tinh.

Charoen.

Pai.

"Are you fucking serious?"

Ongsa threw the booklet away, not caring where it went. This could be considered a tear-jerking finale to her failed journey. After the daily routine of tutoring classes and occasional breaks, the short happy vacation was over.

The day before the semester started, Ongsa decided to clean her messy room to welcome the new semester in good shape. When she dug out something from under her bed, she saw something in the trash… A summer camp brochure.....

She had completely forgotten about its existence since throwing it away the day she returned from her trip: The only thing she could think of was the heartache of having been looking forward to seeing who wrote what in her book, only to be disappointed in the end. She was about to throw the booklet away again, but just before she could do so, she saw the back of it.

Name and contact number of the camp organizer team. medical emergency team.

Sun, level 10/6

“Ahhhhhhh!”

"What's wrong, Ongsa?"

Ongsa's mother shouted in surprise as her daughter's screams filled the house.

"Uh...oh, just a cockroach, Mom."

Ongsa now has her number, what should she do? Call her? Ha...it wouldn't be Ongsa if she was brave enough to do that. The most stupid people like her can do is add her on LINE. She's been adding her contacts on the app for half a day and still hasn't worked up the courage to start a conversation with her.

[Hello, I am Ongsa.]

"I can't do this, I don't even know if she still remembers me."

[Hey...the semester is about to start, are you excited?]

"It looks like I know a little too much about her. Delete, delete."

[What are you doing?]

"Does this sound like I'm taking too much control? No, that can't be the case."

Ongsa sat there and hesitated for a long time. She wanted to get to know Sun better, but didn't know how to start the conversation.

"So be it.”

[Good night:] Sent…

🌍Earth: Good night.

One minute later.

.

.

.

five minutes later.

.

.

.

Thirty minutes later, .

.

.

Two hours later.

It seems that Sun will not reply to her message after all, even though it was marked as "read" within the first minute of sending it. Well, it's not surprising that she doesn't respond to a text message from a stranger. Ongsa can only accept this reality. The biggest failure is to send her a message and ignore it...

Ongsa didn't know when she fell asleep. Before she knew it, she was woken up by her alarm clock. Like other people addicted to social media, the first thing she does before waking up is check her phone. And what she saw made her sober more than seeing Tiffany Young. She received a reply.

🌞SUN_SUN: Good morning.

“Ahhhhhh!”

"Ongsa, what's wrong?"

Her mother shouted outside.

"There's just a cockroach, Mom!!"

Since adding Sun on LINE, Ongsa sends her a good night text message every night before going to bed. She would also try to start some small talk if she had the chance, and Sun would occasionally reply. Ongsa is very satisfied with their current relationship. At least... I think I have a little more presence in her eyes now....

"Ongsa, to be honest, if you keep standing still like this, I might as well use

the awl next to the court to play for you."

"That's right, Tinh is right, you didn't move at all... I thought you were

paralyzed."

"And those serves, you're supposed to serve them over the net, not over your

friend's head, Idiot. You served three times, two of them hit me on the head and one hit the referee in the face."

"I'm sorry…”

Ongsa said, filled with guilt.

"You really need to work out, Ongsa. Your performance today almost caused

our team to be in Trouble, but luckily we still won."

Charoen babbled tiredly, because Ongsa almost caused the team to lose the game in the physical exam. The reason her friends say this so bluntly is because Ongsa doesn't like sports. Since junior high school, she has had no talent for sports. In addition, her sports scores never reached a 4, ever. There was no doubt what a weakling she was..

"What's wrong with your sister, Alpha? She looks like she's in bad shape."

"She has a PE test today, Mom."

"I see."

Needless to say, we can understand why Ongsa immediately lay down as soon as she got in the car after attending the cram school.

"Latte, can you please stop disturbing me now? I want to sleep here, do you

want me to eat you?"

An excited voice came from the back seat.

"Alpha, can you grab Latte from the front seat? I don't want to buy a new

dog."

Physical education exams are tiring enough on their own, but Ongsa has other classes and cram schools to attend after school. When she got home, she was so tired that she fell asleep in her school uniform.

The next morning...

"Mother! Have you seen my phone?"

Early in the morning, Ongsa's shouts echoed in the house.

"I didn't see that. Why don't you try calling?"

"I tried that, but it didn't get through, it's probably out of battery."

"You must have misplaced it somewhere. When was the last time you used it

yesterday?"

“When I was in cram school."

"Did you leave it somewhere? Did you check your room properly?"

"I've searched all over. I went to bed as soon as I got home yesterday, so I

didn't even use my phone. I might have left it at the cram school."

"Look for it first. It might be in your room, so look for it again."

Ongsa nearly turned the house upside down just looking for her phone, but still couldn't find it. If she is an addict, she may be close to experiencing severe withdrawal symptoms. It's been three days since her phone went missing. For someone as addicted to social media as she is, nothing could be more excruciating. Even just looking at the Samsung Hero phone in her hand made her burst into tears.

Her father gave her this phone to use while she was waiting to buy a new phone. All the Ongsa could do all day was play with its flashlight function.

As for the SIM card, for her, using a temporary card bought from a convenience store is not a big deal. No one would call her anyway.

A week has passed and Ongsa and her new Korean partner Samsung have begun to get to know each other better. I don't know if her parents are really too busy to take her out to buy a new phone, or if they just want to teach her a lesson about the consequences of losing her stuff. But it doesn't matter, Ongsa won't feel bad about it at all. TOT

"Ongsa, remember to bring Latte down."

"Okay, Mom."

Ongsa immediately did as her mother asked. Now she has to act like a good girl and hope her parents will see her good qualities and overlook her past mistakes so they can take her to buy a new cell phone.

Although Ongsa had been trying to be well-behaved, the cheeky dog seemed unwilling to cooperate. After getting out of the car, she called Latte for a long time, and her voice became hoarse, but there was still no response. Such is Ongsa's life that even a dog turris a blind eye to her.

"Latte! I'm calling you for the last time, are you going to get down!?"

"Woof woof!"

"Why don't you come down yet?! You can sleep outside the house tonight."

"Woof woof!!"

"You want to challenge me? Okay!!"

After these words, a war broke out between human and dog. Ongsa tried her best to catch Latte, but the naughty dog continued to jump around in the car to evade her capture.

"Stop hiding from me!!"

Ongsa finally managed to grab Latte, who was lying underneath the car seat.

She was exhausted, but somehow felt like a winner.

"How's it going? I thought you were so capable, you little puppy!"

"Woof woof!"

"You're sleeping outside tonight."

"Woof woof woof!!"

"Stop yelling. Wait, that's..."

While arguing with the dog, she spotted something out of the corner of her eye in a small space under the seat… That's her phone...

"Wait!! I found it, Mom! I found my phone!"

Sure enough. Ongsa has been trying to find her phone in the car since the first day she lost it, but can't find it no matter what. It's hard to tell if it's just a small space under the car seat or the Bermuda Triangle. Ongsa happily plugged the phone into the charger. She can finally say goodbye to Samsung Hero! Annyeong.

After charging for a while, Ongsa finally turned on her phone. As soon as her phone was connected to the WIFI at home, countless notifications started popping up, which made her phone vibrate violently. She started checking all the notifications she had received in the week since her phone went missing and discovered that she had received messages on LINE.

🌞SUN_SUN: Why don't you say goodnight to me?

“Ahhhhh!”

"What's wrong, Ongsa?"

A voice shouted from outside the room.

"It's just a cockroach, Mom."

Meanwhile, in the kitchen.

"Honey...I'm starting to think our house might be a little too dirty. Our

daughter keeps finding cockroaches."

---Chapter : 4

I’M GLAD I DON’T KNOW YOU

It took a long time for Ongsa to regain her senses and calm down her heartbeat. The unknown girl couldn't stop herself from laughing while staring at the message from the other girl. She read this short sentence over and over and even took a screenshot. Ongsa thought hard for a long time and didn't know how to reply to Sun. She subconsciously typed the first sentence in her mind: [Do you miss me?] Who dares to say this? Ongsa wants..

"Ongsa!"

"Holy shit! Alpha! Come on, you scared me, don't you know how to knock on

the door?"

"What, now I have to knock on the door to enter my sister's room? I heard

you found your phone."

"Yes...I found it. It fell out of the car."

"You're so stupid. Luckily it just fell in the car this time. If it had fallen

somewhere else, you might have had to use the Samsung Hero all semester.

Oh, by the way... I'd like to borrow it. Take your paint, I have to do the homework assigned by Professor Kanchit."

"It's in the box next to the bed."

Ongsa pointed to the location. After getting what she needed, Alpha left the room while Ongsa picked up her phone on the table and continued looking at it.

🌞SUN SUN: Why don't you say goodnight to me?

🌍Earth: Do you miss me?

"I'm going to TOTI!"

Ongsa didn't know if she accidentally pressed the send button when her phone dropped on the table, or if it was retribution for something bad she might have done before. The message she never intended to send has been shown as "read",

"What should I do?"

Ongsa started to panic. In the previous period, Sun had never sent any proactive messages. This time, Sun unexpectedly sent her a message and received such a reply. What would she think?

🌞SUN_SUN: Why don't you say goodnight to me?

🌍Earth: Do you miss me?

🌍Earth: I'm joking. I lost my phone a few days ago, I had a physical exam on the way home. I was so tired that I fell asleep in the car and didn't even know when I dropped my phone.

🌍Earth: So my dad gave me a Samsung. That's why I didn't send you a message. I just found my phone and saw your message. I just sent that message just for fun but I accidentally pressed send. But I didn't mean to reply like this.

Don't you think I'm weird and scared? ah?

Ongsa sat staring anxiously at her screen. Shortly after the message was sent, the App showed that the other party had read it.bShe almost held her breath, waiting for Sun's reply.

🌞SUN_SUN: No.

A short reply. Ongsa waited for another minute, just in case Sun would send another message. But nothing came, she was greeted by silence.:

"What were you expecting, Ongsa?"

She could only whisper to herself before replying. After pressing the send button, Ongsa put the phone on the table and lay on the bed resignedly. She couldn't express her current mood in words. Why was her heart so strange, nervous and heavy?

Ding!

Ding!

Phone notification sounds. Ongsa quickly climbed out of bed and took a look.

🌞SUN SUN: Keep it well and don't lose it next time or I may miss you again.

🌍Earth: Okay.

“Ahhhhh!”

Ongsa wanted to wash her eyes with dish soap to make sure she didn't read the words "miss you" by mistake.

From that day on, Ongsa and Sun talked more. Ongsa didn't know if she was delusional because she felt Sun was paying more attention to her than before.

At least, her answer was no longer just a few words. The most important thing is that Sun even took the initiative to send her messages after a few days. Ongsa is very happy with their current relationship.

🌞SUN SUN: Let me tell you, I really thought Bambam would be the pure and cute type. Then I saw today's show and honestly... Was it his belly or buns!?

🌍Earth: Looks like you're full?

🌞SUN SUN: I'm talking about his six-pack abs. Don't make fun of what I like, or I will beat you up.

🌍Earth: #brainlesstan(not) 🌞SUN SUN: It's so rude. Don't call me a fan. Say I'm the only one who truly loves something.

🌍Earth: Does the mental hospital call you a patient?

🌞SUN_SUN: Wow! Should we have a fight now?

🌍Earth: I'm just messing with you.

🌞SUN_SUN: By the way, are you really not going to tell me what your name is? We've been chatting for so long and I still don't know who you are.

Coming!!! Here comes the problem. Ongsa didn't expect Sun to ask her this question again. In fact, Sun had asked her about her identity before, but at that time she had managed to fool her, and she thought the matter had ended. What to do? She didn't want Sun to find out that it was her who was chatting. She didn't know what Sun would think if she found out that the person who had been sending her "good night" messages for the past two months was a familiar classmate, Ongsa is afraid it will be awkward when they meet and she doesn't know what to do.

Have you ever been attracted to an eccentric person? Sun recently met a strange person. A strange person suddenly added her on LINE. This person had been sending her "good night" messages for months without trying to initiate any further conversation. This guy looked like any other boy trying to hit on her, but not too... People who suddenly disappeared....

"Sun.. Sun... Sun!!"

"Ah!? What's wrong?"

"The teacher has left long ago. What are you daydreaming about? Pack your

bag quickly, I'm hungry."

"Yeah, okay."

Sun nodded to Kongkwan, who was her good friend and her deskmate. She put the stationery into her bag.

"Wee and Deer went to the toilet. They asked us to find a seat first and wait

for them there.” On the way to the canteen, Kongkwan turned around and told Sun.

"OK."

"Sun, seriously, what happened?"

"Nothing."

"Are you sure?"

Kongkwan reiterated her question. Sun began to hesitate. She had only transferred to this school in tenth grade, and the friends around her were all new ones. Although they had known each other for more than a semester, Sun was still unsure whether she should tell her friend what had happened to her recently.

"Tell me, Sun. If something is bothering you, tell me. Isn't that what friends

are for?"

"Well, that's it. Someone added me on LINE and texted me 'good night' every

night for nearly two months."

"You mean a boy is flirting with you?"

"No, he wasn't flirting at all. The only thing he did was say 'good night."

"Ah?! There is such a person, haha."

"Yeah, but he's been gone for three days, so I feel a little weird."

"Do you like him?"

"No...I don't like him. I just feel uncomfortable. There seems to be something

missing."

"Maybe he's sick? Like, seriously sick so he's in the hospital or something."

"Don't say that, I'm already worried about him."

"Then why don't you try asking him?"

"You mean to ask me to take the initiative to send him a message?"

"Yeah, if you want to know what happened to him, try messaging him."

Sending proactive messages... seems easy enough to do, right? But it's difficult for Sun. There are many people in this girl's chat box sending her messages, all hoping to talk to her.

She is a beautiful girl, very popular among her peers, she participates in various school activities, and she is also very friendly. All these reasons combined have successfully attracted many people to favor Sun. With her easy going personality, she can talk to just about anyone, She is used to people whose profiles look unfamiliar to them adding her on LINE. Because she didn't want anyone to feel abandoned, she tried to respond to everyone's messages.

The response is sometimes faster and sometimes slower, depending on her availability or her mood at the time. But there was no one she particularly cared about, really no one... except this person, that particularly strange person.....

🌞SUN_SUN: Why don't you say goodnight to me?

Curiosity finally got the better of her. Sun decided to send a message to the strange man because she wanted to know where he disappeared to. Maybe he was sick, maybe something happened to him, maybe he was just plain tired of sending her 'good night's. This act of proactively sending messages also made her experience a feeling, the feeling of waiting for someone. It was three days after Sun messaged that person that she received a reply.

🌍Earth: Do you miss me?

Sun frowned as soon as she saw the message. So that person wants to flirt too? She didn't have much time to continue thinking because, a minute later, she was bombarded with multiple messages from the same person. This information told her in detail the reason for her disappearance, and it seemed that he was trying his best to cover up the flirting words that were said to be

"jokes". Sun felt his panic through the letters he sent, which made her want to

tease him even more.

Sun tried sending short, straightforward messages to see what would happen.

The person disappeared for a full minute and then responded with a message of similar length.

🌍Earth: Okay Through these four letters, she could feel the depressed mood on the other side, so she decided to stop her little prank.

🌞SUN SUN: Keep it well and don't lose it next time or I may miss you again 🌍Earth: I miss you too.

From that day on, Sun began to feel more comfortable talking to this man.

Although he was reluctant to tell her who he was, he had never done anything to offend her or make her suspicious. Frankly, all they talk about these days is random trivia. Sun felt good talking to this person, like she had another friend she could talk to. Talking to him put Sun at ease, but even so, she still wanted to know who the other person was.

🌞SUN SUN: By the way, are you really not going to tell me what your name is? We've been chatting for so long and I still don't know who you are.

Sun decided to try asking again, they were more acquainted, and maybe now he felt comfortable sharing his identity.

🌞SUN SUN: It's not fair, you know who I am, but I don't know who you are 🌍Earth: I understand your concerns about chatting with someone you don't know but if you really knew who I was, you might not want to talk to me anymore. I'd rather keep my beautiful image with you in imagination. I might not be who you think I am.

🌞SUN SUN: I really want to get to know you. It doesn't matter what kind of person you are. We are already friends. I accept you in all your ways.

🌍Earth: But I really can't tell you.

🌞SUN SUN: Really?

🌍Earth: Sorry 🌞SUN_SUN: Okay, then I won't ask. As long as it makes you feel comfortable, I can at least let you know how to call you.

🌍Earth: Okay, then just call me Earth.

🌞SUN_SUN: Is Earth your name?

🌍Earth: Earth is the world.

🌞SUN SUN: And then?

🌍Earth: The world always revolves around the Sun.

Sun doesn't understand. She really couldn't understand why her heart could tremble like a 5.4-magnitude earthquake, just because of the sentence "The world always revolves around the Sun."

🌞SUN_SUN: Um...are you teasing me?

🌍Earth: No.

The other party's reply was lightning fast, so annoying! I want to take back my shyness!!!

🌞SUN SUN: Is it necessary to reply so quickly? Can't you just let a pretty girl compliment you?

🌍Earth: When you say you are a beauty, aren't you already praising yourself?

🌞SUN SUN: BFFR!!

🌍Earth: What does this have to do with good friends?

🌞SUN SUN: That's BFF!

🌍Earth: I don't know, I don't know much about abbreviations because I am a science student.

🌞SUN_SUN: What does this have to do with anything! So you are a science student? Have you studied chemometrics? It's too difficult, I really don't understand.

🌍Earth: I'm learning it now, it's really difficult.

🌞SUN_SUN: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes 🌍Earth: Why do you say so many things?

🌞SUN_SUN: I found out.

🌍Earth: What to discover?

🌞SUN SUN: We are both grade 10 students, haha.

🌍Earth: Oh!..

For the first time since they started talking, Sun felt like she was winning. If he said nothing when she asked directly, she could only trick him into revealing more about herself. She is Sun after all, hehe.

"Ongsa, Sun is here."

Innocent girls are always the victims.

"Where?"

After turning around and finding no one, she looked back and noticed the meatballs were missing from her plate, as if someone had stolen them.

Well...someone did steal the meatballs....

"Tinh, you stole my meatballs again? Spit it out, you bastard!"

"Ouch! Ongsa is strangling someone Charoen, come and help me!"

The only boy in the group shouted.

"You deserve it, you deserve it."

Charoen not only refused to help but also complained.

"Charoen, you bastard! I can't breathe, Ongsa!!"

A slender girl is choking a chubby boy while another girl laughs next to them.

This scene may seem violent to some people, but to these people it is just a normal phenomenon.

"Ongsa, Sun is here!"

Charoen said something similar to what Tinh said. However...

"Where?"

This innocent girl is still hopelessly naive...

"Hahaha"

The two friends held hands and laughed together at their friend's stupid behavior. Ongsa is not someone who is easily fooled. The reason why she is like this is because she has not seen anyone since morning. She also cannot upload messages on LINE, otherwise she will find out that they go to the same school. Just accidentally revealing that they were in the same grade already made Ongsa worried to death, afraid that Sun would discover her identity.

"Oh, by the way... Ongsa, did you hear that Sun has a boyfriend now?"

Tinh said suddenly.

"Really?"

Since Ongsa was still shocked by Tinh's words, it was Charoen who spoke.

"Do you remember Nine? The very handsome guy in grade 11 who won the

school flag this year."

"Is he Sun's boyfriend?"

Charoen asked.

"Yeah... I heard he's been chasing her since that summer camp. He's so

handsome, if it were me, I'd date him too. Fortunately Ongsa you are just a fan of Sun, if you really had a crush on her, your heart would have been broken, haha.”

"Yeah."

Ongsa gave a curt response. Tinh is right, luckily she is just a fan of Sun, ...But why, her heart is so heavy...

“Still not feeling better? You can take another day off."

Wee saw that Sun was not as active as usual.

"Really, you can rest at home until your illness is better and then come back

to school."

Deer also spoke. Sun became seriously ill and had to take a day off to see a doctor and recuperate. After returning to school, she was not as lively as usual, and her friends thought she was acting like this because she was sick,

"Is there anything that's bothering you?"

Someone seemed to have noticed something was wrong. When Kongkwan asked her directly, all Sun could do was sigh, because the problems she had buried in her heart recently were actually very small things. But these little things... can also have a huge impact on your mood.

"It's nothing, I'm fine."

Sun finally chose to hide it.

🌞SUN_SUN: I just finished cram school and went home immediately. Have you gone home?

🌍Earth: Back 🌞SUN SUN: Today's math homework is too difficult. Are you good at math? Teach me.

🌍Earth: I'm not good at math.

🌞SUN SUN: Really? What are you doing?

🌍Earth: Nothing done 🌞SUN_SUN: Have you eaten?

🌍Earth: None.

This is what has been bothering Sun. She thinks Earth has been acting strange lately. His answers were short, he didn't talk to her much, and he stopped joking. It was nothing like The Earth she knew, which made her very anxious.

Sun was afraid that Earth was tired of talking to her. What she must admit is that she is very used to chatting with Earth.

🌞SUN_SUN: Earth, can I just tell you what happened?

Sun decided to ask him directly, and if Earth got tired of talking to her, she would keep her distance as well. She doesn't want to be a burden to her friends.

🌍Earth: Nothing happened 🌞SUN SUN: But you're a little weird why you don't tell me what's wrong?

Did I do something to make you uncomfortable?

Sun didn't know which school Earth attended, but he once said that he knew about her situation at school and a friend would tell him. Since her appearance is very famous in school, of course there will be people who don't like her. Sun was worried that Earth might have heard some false news or some bad rumors about her.

🌍Earth: No, It's really okay This "fear" convinced Sun that something would happen..

🌞SUN SUN: Earth, aren't we friends? Even if I don't know who you are, you are still my friend. I ask you because I really care about your feelings. I am very happy to have you as a friend. I feel comfortable talking to you and you will feel comfortable talking to me? It's okay if you don't want to talk to me. Just tell me and I won't bother you anymore.

🌍Earth: I don't mean it at all. I feel comfortable talking to you. I'm glad you agreed to be my friend. Even though I'm not interesting at all, you're still willing to chat with me.

🌞SUN SUN: Earth, aren't we friends?

🌍Earth: I know I haven't replied to you much recently, and I haven't spoken much, which annoys you. I'm sorry, but I do this because I care about you. I don't think we should chat like we used to.

🌞SUN_SUN: Why?

🌍Earth: I'm worried that your boyfriend will misunderstand us. If he sees us talking, he might not be happy. I don't want you to quarrel with your boyfriend because of me.

🌞SUN_SUN: Boyfriend? Wait, what are you talking about?

Did you say Nine?

🌍Earth: Yes.

🌞SUN SUN: What did your friends tell you? Nine did pursue me and he was indeed handsome but I didn't have any feelings for him and I wasn't dating anyone. I'm single, tell your friend whoever I want to talk to and let him figure it out!

🌍Earth: Oh, but he's so handsome, why don't you date him?

🌞SUN SUN: Hey! I don't like people based on their looks. If that's the case, how can I have an ugly friend like you?

🌍Earth: How do you know I'm ugly? I want you to know that I'm really good looking.

🌞SUN SUN: If you are handsome, then send me a selfie and don't just brag.

🌍Earth: I don't want you to fall in love with me.

🌞SUN SUN: You are so narcissistic!

🌍Earth: I'm about to fall in love with myself. Of course others will fall in love with me too.

🌞SUN_SUN: Isn't it?

Although Sun replied like this, she was actually very happy. She felt that the old Earth was back.

🌞SUN SUN: If you can joke with me like this, does that mean you won't feel uncomfortable now?

🌍Earth: Yes.

🌞SUN SUN: Earth, next time if you have anything, just tell me directly. We are friends after all, 🌍Earth: Good.. Sun.

🌞SUN_SUN: Huh?

🌍Earth: So you don't have anyone you like now, right?

🌞SUN_SUN: Why do you ask?

🌍Earth: I just want to know.

🌞SUN_SUN: I don't have anyone I like right now and I don't want to fall in love right now. I feel comfortable living single life like this. #FreelingPretty 🌍Earth: Okay, this is good.

What does "good" mean? Sun thought to herself 🌞SUN_SUN: So when I like someone, I will be the first to tell you, how about that?

🌍Earth: You don't have to tell me I don't want to know…ha? What a freak.

🌍Earth: I don't want you to have someone you like.

---Chapter : 5

I THINK

🌍Earth: I don't want you to have someone you like.

🌞SUN SUN: If I don't like anyone, I will die alone.

🌍Earth: This is a good thing 🌞SUN SUN: How is this a good thing? Beautiful women will never die alone, do you understand? I just regret my life.

🌍Earth: That's no problem. It's a beautiful woman's business so it has nothing to do with you.

🌞SUN SUN: ??... I have to refute what you said about beauty. I really can't back down.

🌍Earth: I never thought you were beautiful I thought you were cute.

🌞SUN_SUN: Are you teasing me?

🌍Earth: I don't but if you want to like me, I won't mind.. #I'm so charming# 🌞SUN SUN: Yikes! You are so narcissistic… You didn't flirt with me, so I won't like you anymore. There are so many people who want to flirt with me, but they still can't get any attention from me.,. #too many choices..

🌍Earth: These people are so lucky.

🌞SUN SUN: Wow, I won't ask you if you're flirting with me anymore. Now it's more appropriate to ask why you hate me?

🌍Earth: Who would hate you? You are so beautiful.

🌞SUN_SUN: Are you making fun of me?

🌍Earth: Yes.

🌞SUN_SUN: Earth!!

🌍Earth: I'm just joking, beautiful lady, don't be angr 🌞SUN_SUN: So annoying 🌍Earth: haha what are you doing now?

🌞SUN_SUN: I was studying.

🌍Earth: Then you should go to bed. It's already so late.

🌞SUN SUN: I'm not tired yet.

🌍Earth: Go to sleep!

🌞SUN SUN: NO!!

🌍Earth: Are you provoking my mother now, little girl? Don't say I didn't warn you, if you don't sleep your dark circles will look like pandas 🌞SUN_SUN: It doesn't matter to me, because I'm beautiful no matter what… #发发# 🌍Earth: How did you come up with this misunderstanding?

🌞SUN_SUN: If you're making fun of me, I'm really starting to get angry 🌍Earth: I'm sorry, why aren't you sleeping yet? If you don't sleep, learn more.

🌞SUN_SUN: Got it, you are a hard-working guy and you keep asking me to study. Are you afraid that I will become stupid? Don't worry, although I'm beautiful, I'm not stupid 🌍Earth: Go to sleep!

🌞SUN_SUN: NO!!... It doesn't matter to me because I'm pretty, anyway I'm going to bed now and I might become too smart if I study too hard. Good night.

🌍Earth: Good night That night... both girls fell asleep at the same time. They all have smiles on their faces as they fall asleep. The inner feelings are also changing at the same time....

"Sun.”

"Um?"

"Are you in a relationship?"

When four friends were taking a lunch break, Wee suddenly asked a bombshell question.

“Um.. no.”

"It is a sin to lie to your friends,"

Kongkwan said.

"You shouldn't hide anything from your friends,"

Wee added.

"She must be in love. Even Deer, the most naive of the group of friends,

didn't believe her.”

"You were never so addicted to your phone before, Sun. Now you keep your

head down and type whenever you have time. Also, you started eating half an hour ago and you haven't finished eating yet. You've been like this for a while., who are you chatting with?”

"Are you in love without telling us?"

Kongkwan also joined the conversation.

"Is he handsome?"

Deer was also curious, As the three friends draw closer, hoping for answers, Sun feels backed into a corner.

"Wait, what are you talking about? I don't have a boyfriend or anything. If I

were going to fall in love, I would definitely tell you."

"So now we're waiting for you to tell us."

Wee still refused to give up.

"Okay, I really don't, what do you want me to say?"

"So who do you always talk to?"

Deer asked.

"Uh..."

The beautiful girl was speechless.

"It must be her boyfriend."

Kongkwan smiled proudly.

"He's not my boyfriend, he's just someone I talk to."

"Aromatic encounter or something like that?"

"No."

"Ah."

The three friends began to wonder.

"Do you remember the person I told you about? The person who sends a

message saying 'good night' every night."

Sun turned around and said to Kongkwan.

"Um...oh! Yes, I remember him. Are you talking to him?"

"Yes."

"Wait, wait. What are you talking about? Share it with us too.”

Wee interrupted everyone's communication. Since there was no way to avoid it, Sun had no choice but to explain everything to her friends.

"But I think that's a little weird. Why doesn't he reveal who he is? He's

probably a criminal or something."

"Yeah, Wee has a point. You have to be careful, Sun,"

Kongkwan started to worry after learning that her friend had been talking to a complete stranger.

"Yeah, it's scary. You'd better not talk to him again."

Deer also expressed her concerns.

"I don't think so, he doesn't seem like a bad guy, I've always been careful

when I talk to him and he only talks to me about random topics. He's never asked me any personal questions before, except..."

Sun stopped mid-sentence because she just realized that she might have revealed too much information.

"Except what?"

But Kongkwan caught Sun's unfinished words..

"Well..."

"Say it!"

The three close friends said in unison.

"He asked...if I have anyone I like now..."

"Look...he's after you. Why did you say he just wanted to chat?"

Wee started asking again..

"No, he's not trying to get me. He's just worried that if I have a boyfriend he

might not be happy. if he sees us talking. It's that simple."

"No way, I think he likes you."

Deer said.

"For sure, if he doesn't like you, he won't worry about your boyfriend getting

jealous seeing you two talking. He won't even care about your intimacy. I guess, this one is called 'Earth' People must like you.”

"He doesn't necessarily like me..."

Sun denied, but she felt her face getting hot for some reason.

"Wait a minute..."

Sun's reaction did not escape Wee's eyes.

"Then do you like him?"

Wee's straightforward words surprised Sun.

"Well..."

"Do you like him?"

"I don't.. I don't know either.”

🌍Earth: Are you sick?

🌞SUN_SUN: How do you know?

🌍Earth: I saw your LINE status.

🌞SUN_SUN: It's because I haven't slept well recently and I have a lot of things to do.

🌍Earth: Did you go to the doctor?

🌞SUN_SUN: I saw it, the doctor said I lacked rest and bought a lot of medicine 🌍Earth: What medicine? Take a photo and send it to me.

🌞SUN_SUN: Why take pictures?

🌍Earth: Send it quickly, maybe I can help you eat some.

"Idiot!"

Sun whispered, but still complied with his request and took a photo to send to Earth..

🌍Earth: It's too late, you should go to bed. Don't forget to take your medicine.

🌞SUN SUN: What do you mean it's late? It's only 10pm.

🌍Earth: Do you think it's still daytime at 10pm?

🌞SUN_SUN: If you don't act so annoying even for a day, will you die?

🌍Earth: If I don't act annoying, I won't die but if I can't talk to you, I'm not sure anymore.

🌞SUN SUN: Woah! This sentence is so disgusting. Were you flirting just now?

🌍Earth: If I'm flirting, does it work?

🌞SUN SUN: No.

🌍Earth: That's not the case.

🌞SUN SUN: Annoying people!

🌍Earth: If I knew flirting with you wouldn't work, why would I do it?

🌞SUN_SUN: Have you really tried it?

🌍Earth: You want me to chase you?

🌞SUN SUN: No, I didn't, I was just asking! stop! Finish!! Stop talking about this topic!

🌍Earth: Hahaha, okay, have you taken your medicine?

🌞SUN_SUN: I ate it.

🌍Earth: When did you eat it?

🌞SUN SUN: Around 9pm.

🌍Earth: The medicine should be working now, aren't you sleepy?

🌞SUN_SUN: So you just want me to go straight to bed?

🌍Earth: I just hope you get better soon. I'm worried about you.

🌞SUN_SUN: Okay, then I'll go to bed now and you should go to bed quickly, okay?

🌍Earth: I will go to bed after you go to bed.

🌞SUN SUN: Good night, Earth 🌍Earth: Good night, Sun..

🌍Earth: Wake up!!

Wake up!

Wake up!

Wake up!

🌞SUN SUN: I woke up and you really woke me up with these messages.

🌍Earth: Go take a bath and I'll give you 5 minutes.

🌞SUN SUN: Do you want me to take a shower or step on the water? I'm a girl, you know?

🌍Earth: I’ll give you 10 minutes.

🌞SUN_SUN:It will take an hour to shower and prepare. I will tell you later.

🌍Earth: Oh…

🌞SUN SUN: I'm back!

🌍Earth: It took so long.

🌞SUN_SUN: Please, I am a girl.

🌍Earth: Okay.

🌞SUN_SUN: Hehe.

🌍Earth: Have you eaten?

🌞SUN SUN: I don't eat breakfast.

🌍Earth: You have to eat it!

🌞SUN_SUN: It's just a meal and it's okay.

🌍Earth: Don't you have to take medicine? Go eat first! Go eat something.

🌞SUN SUN: But I don't want to eat it.

🌍Earth: Why are you so stubborn? I just want you to get better soon, can't you be considerate of the people who are worried about you?

🌞SUN_SUN: Okay, I'm going to the cafeteria to eat. Please don't scold me.

🌍Earth: Then stop being stubborn.

🌞SUN SUN: Stubborn children are smart children.

🌍Earth: But you are far away from your child.

🌞SUN_SUN: You idiot I won't talk to you anymore. I'm in a bad mood right now, you know 🌍Earth: What are you doing now?

🌞SUN_SUN: Class has just ended and I'm going to have dinner. How about you?

🌍Earth: I just finished my meal and I am looking for a place to copy my homework answers.

🌞SUN SUN: This is not good for you!! Why don't you do it yourself?

🌍Earth: Because it's very difficult. I don't copy every homework. I only copy the ones I don't know how to do.

🌞SUN SUN: What are the subjects you don't know how to do?

🌍Earth: Physics, Chemistry, Biomathematics.

🌞SUN SUN: Wait... let me ask a question why do you want to study science?

🌍Earth: Because I am a curious person.

🌞SUN SUN: How to say?

🌍Earth: I'm always curious, Including now, about…

"Ongsa, if you walk and play with your phone like this, you will hit the wall.

We are going to the library, not to platform nine and three quarters," Tinh shouted to Ongsa, giving her view. But when she looked further ahead, she saw someone walking toward her.

"Yes! Besides, if you keep walking and typing like this, we may still not eat

anything by the next century."

Wee also said..

"Okay."

Sun said and put the phone back into her pocket, because her friends had been complaining about her phone addiction recently. The four girls continued walking toward the cafeteria, oblivious to the strange happenings near them,

"Ongsa, are you okay?"

Charoen turned around to find her friend squatting on the ground.

"Hmm...my legs are going to hurt."

"How much pain does your leg have? No normal person would sit next to a

trash can, you weirdo. If you told me you found a coin, maybe I would believe you,"

“I just saw the sun go, you like her. But you don’t know how to face her.

Ha...you coward.” 🌍Earth: Even now, I am also very curious about....

🌞SUN SUN: What is it about? So what are you curious about, should Earth tell me?

As soon as Ongsa arrived at the library, she took out her phone and checked the message Sun sent her.

🌍Earth: Curious if anyone broke their promise to have breakfast this morning.

Ongsa made a rule for herself: She absolutely wanted to skip class time to deliver a message to Sun. Sun is an excellent student. That's why during school, Ongsa only texted her during lunch breaks and after school, and Sun also only texted her during breaks and after school.

🌞SUN SUN: I ate and I won't break my promise, because I'm beautiful.

🌍Earth: Does it matter?

🌞SUN SUN: No, I just want to tell you.

🌍Earth: If the frequency with which you use the word "beautiful" could be converted into money, I'd probably be richer than Bill Gates.

🌞SUN SUN: You are really annoying Earth.

🌍Earth: Hahahaha,.. have you eaten? If you have already taken it, don't forget to take your medicine.

🌞SUN SUN: That's great, you always remind me.

🌍Earth: This is to allow you to recover as quickly as possible.

🌞SUN SUN: Thank you.

🌍Earth: Okay, no big deal, I have to copy my homework now otherwise I won't be able to finish it.

🌞SUN_SUN: OK I will support you… Hey Earth.

🌍Earth: Huh?

🌞SUN_SUN: Next time you have a problem with your homework, please tell me. Your beautiful girl will help you. You know, this beautiful girl is also very good at studying.. Haha 🌍Earth: Okay.. My wife is so beautiful, very beautiful- 🌞SUN_SUN: BFFR! !

🌍Earth: I told you, it has nothing to do with good friends.

🌞SUN SUN: You! Earth!.. Just spend the rest of your life copying homework. I'm annoyed that this beautiful woman doesn't want to kill anyone.

!

🌍Earth: Hahaha!

🌞SUN_SUN: What are you doing? Play basketball?

🌍Earth: WOW! I sent you a whole photo and you still don't know?

🌞SUN SUN: What do I know?

🌍Earth: You really don't know?

🌞SUN SUN: What exactly is it?

🌍Earth: I mean I'm worried.

🌞SUN SUN: What a cold joke....

🌍Earth: Hahaha.. I saw your LINE status saying you were tired.

🌞SUN SUN: Yeah, there's a lot I'm trying to catch up on.

🌍Earth: Do you need my help?

🌞SUN_SUN: Where are you still copying homework, Earth.

🌍Earth: Hey, don't underestimate me. I can do anything if I'm serious.

🌞SUN SUN: Thank you but I can still handle it. You don't have to worry.

I'm beautiful and strong.

🌍Earth: Did such a beautiful lady taking her medicine tonight?

🌞SUN SUN: Of course I ate it, daddy.

🌍Earth: So good, are you satisfied, kid?

🌞SUN SUN: I'm satisfied. Thank you very much for cooperating with my joke.. #tootouching 🌍Earth: You must be very tired, right? I feel like your mind is running away from home.

🌞SUN_SUN: Wow, asshole, just don't want you to be stressed too..

🌍Earth: I don't want you to be stressed alone. There is a song I want to listen to you.’If the moon’.

If you wander and get lost one day, if emptiness comes to greet you all you have to do is look past, There are still people who care about you.

If one day the stars lose their light, If the bright night becomes dark, I want you to know that the moon in the sky is with you, because even if the stars go far away, even if no one comes, there is someone beside you, who is there for you.

Promise to continue to wait, the moon will also guard you every night and shine from the distant sky.

If one day you lack moonlight and it lights up all night, it does not mean that it has disappeared.

It's still in the same place, just covered by the sky.

If one day the stars lose their light, if the bright night turns dark I want you to know that the sky and the moon are with you.

Because even if the stars go far away, even if no one comes back to you, there is one person.

He promises you to continue to wait.

The moon is just like waiting for you every night to shine from the distant sky.

If one day you lack moonlight, all night long Just because it lights up, doesn't mean it's gone.

I will always be in the same place, caring about you...

there will always be someone who promises to love you, forever.......

🌍Earth: I am your moon and I will always be by your side.

🌞SUN_SUN: Thank you, Earth. Wait a minute, aren't you the Earth? Now you are the moon again? What do you want to be?

🌍Earth: I don't want to be the earth , nor do I want to be the moon. I just want to be someone who can make you smile.

🌞SUN_SUN: You already are 

---Chapter : 6

BLOWN AWAY

"This winter is colder than every year. Oddly enough, having someone

worried about you somehow warms your heart...Wow, how sweet an on-love person is passionate for real" Vee says after reading the sentences Sun is writing on the piece of paper.

"What? A romance is supposed to be sweet. You want me to add some

dramas?"

Sun shoots. She's writing a piece for the literature club she has selected.

"Come on. I bet you could write a love scene even if you were writing a

horror story. You're oozing a pink aura."

Kongkwan joins in on the tease.

"No. Why do you keep teasing me? I told you we're just talking."

"Those two haven't mentioned anyone, Sun."

Deer points out. Sun feels like she made a mistake again.

DING!

🌍Earth: I'm not going to cram school today. I'll be having dinner at my grandpa's.

🌍Earth: I might not check my phone often.

Earth's messages pop up with perfect timing. Fortunately, her friends are polite enough to not crane their necks to sneak glances at them, though their faces are painted in utter curiosity.

"Earth?"

Wee asks.

"Yeah."

"What did he say?"

Wee presses on. Her friends are indeed extremely curious. Their curiosity is off the chart.

"Nothing. He said he'd have dinner at his grandpa's place this evening. That's

all."

"He has to keep you posted like this? You're dating, aren't you?"

Deer sounds excited.

"That's crazy! I told you we weren't. We're online friends."

"Have you seen his face?"

Kongkwan joins in.

"No."

"Uggggh, what the heck? Haven't you talked for months? Why didn't you ask

for his photo?"

Wee complains, bummed because she was about to ask to see Earth's face.

Sun is adorable and friendly but isn't easily won over. She's moved to this school for nearly two semesters and has been hit on by dozens of people. Not to mention half a hundred students that have a crush on her. Nevertheless, none of them could intrigue and bring out Sun's emotions like this. This Earth must be something else.

"Don't you want to see his face, Sun?"

Deer's questions draws a sigh out of Sun.

"I do, but I don't want to press him. I asked who he was, but he wouldn't tell

me, saying I wouldn't talk to him again if I knew who he really was. He always seemed uncomfortable when I asked about things like this. Ever since we talked, Earth has never asked or made me uncomfortable, so I don't want to make him feel that way."

"Aren't you comfortable with the way things are right now? I would be if it

were me. You talk every day but don't know whom you're talking to."

Kongkwan says.

"Why don't you try asking him again? Since you two have gotten closer, he

might let you see his face."

Wee suggests.

"Yeah...I'll try to find the opportunity to ask."

On Sun's side, her friends attempt to squeeze the answer out of her.

As for Ongsa, however, no one cares or notices anything because Ongsa has always been addicted to her phone. Even though she never posted photos on Instagram and only snoops on others, and her Facebook account is hauntingly quiet, as if the owner is dead, her Twitter accounts are active every ten seconds. Plus, she had around a hundred of them. All in all, Ongsa gluing to her phone all day is nothing uncommon to her friends.

"Ongsa, Ongsa, I have tea to spill!"

Tinh calls his friend in excitement, but Ongsa… scrolls on her phone without a care in the world.

"About Sun."

"Huh?! What is it?"

"Ugh!! Damn you. Now you're interested?"

"Come on, what is it?”

"Do you like Sun?"

This question again.

"No. I said I just adored her."

"Okay. Great! Sun is into someone."

"Huh?"

"For real this time."

Tinh quickly confirms. He misunderstood about Nai last time because, a few days after he told Ongsa that Nai and Sun were dating, the popular girl of their generation updated her Facebook status.

SunSmile; I'm single. Let's get this straight and stop making things up. I'm completely single and not dating anyone. I want to be single right now. I'm not promoting myself, but I'm really single…

And yes, that was it. It got half a thousand likes and a hundred comments.

Most were flirting with her. It concluded that Tinh had heard a fake rumor.

"Who Is she into?"

Charoen is one of those interested in this topic..

'Sun' is seemingly the favorite topic for these three best friends.

"I don't know who he is, but she likes someone."

"Huh? What the hell?"

Ongsa acts excited despite her drumming heart. Who is Sun into? Who the hell is it this time? Can't she be single for the sake of the happiness of those who have a crush on her? Why does she want to date someone now?

"Here's the thing, I'm close to Nok from Class 6, the class president. She told

me Sun must be in love. Probably with someone from another school."

"How do you know?"

Charoen wonders.

"Nok said Sun has been addicted to her phone these days. She texts someone

when she has free time and smiles like an in-love person. If it was someone in our school, we would've known who he was. But, even if Nok is in the same class and goes to the same cram school as Sun, she's never seen anyone likely to be the boy she's texting. Nok is sure that the boy Sun is texting is her boyfriend, though."

"Nok is fucking nosy."

Charoen shares her opinion.

"Of course. I told her to do that. Ongsa has a crush on Sun, and I love my

friend."

"I said I just adored her!"

"Reeeeeeeeally?"

Tinh asks in extreme disbelief.

"I'm serious, Ongsa. No matter how you like Sun, I think you should stop.

When she finally dates someone, it'll still hurt despite you being just a fan.

Trust me. When Taeyeon Oppa had a dating rumor, I cried."

"Do you need to say that? I heard you were crying together."

Charoen reminds him.

"Whatever. You know a fan can still feel hurt. Besides, Sun isn't a celebrity,

singer, or famous figure. She can date whenever she wants. Not to mention the boy she's texting. You'd better brace yourself, Ongsa."

Tinh warns his friend in worry while Ongsa overthinks the news her friend has delivered. The person Sun is texting. Who is it? When does Sun have time to talk to someone else?

Because Sun mostly spends her time talking to…her..

.

.

.

It can't be. This is too crazy. It's definitely not what she thinks Is it?

🌞SUN_SUN: Earth.

🌞SUNSUN: I'm home.

The latest messages were sent around half an hour ago. Ongsa has just checked the chat. Although she has a phone addiction, her family prohibits using phones during meals with the elders. That's why Ongsa barely touches her phone at her grandpa's house.

🌍: I'm in the car.

🌍: On my way home.

🌍: Almost home now.

🌞SUN_SUN: Okay.

🌞SUN_SUN: I'm doing homework 🌞SUN_SUN: Tell me when you're home.

🌍: Sure.

🌍: Do your homework well.

🌍: Text me when you're free.

🌞SUN_SUN: Okay.

🌍: I'm home.

Ongsa reports Sun as soon as she's arrived home, but Sun gives no reply. The text hasn't even been read. Maybe she's busy with homework.

🌍: Are you doing homework?

Assuming Sun is focusing on homework, Ongsa chooses a meaningful song and shares it with her for encouragement.

🌍: You can do it: Ongsa has taken care of her business, yet Sun still doesn't respond. She probably has tons of homework, so Ongsa goes downstairs to watch the television with her sister in the living room.

"Oh, Ongsa, do you remember Aom, who often played with us at our house?”

"Aom?"

"Aunt Aum's daughter."

"Oh, I remember her."

"Yeah. She's in a relationship now. Guess with whom? Mint."

"Huh?!"

Ongsa exclaims in shock, learning her cousin is dating her best friend. She wouldn't have been shocked if her best friend wasn't...a girl.

"Yeah. Wow...if our mom was her mom, they wouldn't be approved."

"...I guess so."

Right. Ongsa's mother isn't a fan of this kind of thing. To put it more accurately, she's homophobic.

"I'll get some milk "

Ongsa tells her sister. She's actually not craving milk right now but just wishes to avoid this topic.

DING!

DING!

DING!

DING!

DING!

The notifications pop up on Ongsa's phone repeatedly. Alpha leans over to check the device her sister has left. She's not being nosy. If it's urgent, she can pass on the message to Ongsa.

🌞SUN SUN: Done with homework.

🌞SUN SUN: Yeah!

🌞SUN_SUN: I'm pretty and smart.

🌞SUN_SUN: I'm not praising myself at all.

🌞SUN_SUN: I listened to the song you shared.

🌞SUN SUN: It's sooo good.

🌞SUN_SUN: Thank you Sunsun...? Shortly after, Ongsa is back with a glass of milk.

"Ongsa, your friend texted you. It's Sun sun. Is it your new friend? I've never

heard of her."

Alpha feels her out

"Yeah...my new friend."

Ongsa answers evenly, though she's panicking inside.

"Oh, I've always seen you talk to only two friends."

Alpha tries to joke it off, but her sister doesn't seem amused.

"Ongsa... I don't want to meddle in your personal life."

Alpha suddenly speaks in a stern voice.

"Think carefully before doing something. You know Mom hates it, right?”

Ongsa's mulls over those words for a moment before answering.

"Yeah...I'll go and study. I have a chemistry test tomorrow."

"Okay."

Alpha replies shortly without stopping her, letting her sister return to her room. Alpha knows Ongsa won't study as claimed. She's just avoiding the tense atmosphere. They've grown up together and only are one year apart.

Why wouldn't she know how her sister is?

Ongsa comes back to her room with a drumming heart. Alpha is suspicious about Sun. What should she do?

DING!

DING!

🌞SUN_SUN: You're not answering, Earth.

🌞SUN_SUN: Did you go to bed?

Sun sent more texts, probably because Ongsa didn't reply.

🌍: No.

🌞SUN_SUN: Oh.

🌍: I was doing my things and didn't check myphone: 🌞SUN SUN:I see.

🌞SUN_SUN: I'm going to bed, Earth.

🌞SUN_SUN: I'd be studying math with my friends in the morning.

🌍: You have a test?

🌞SUN_SUN: Yeah. Additional math.

🌍: Okay. Go to bed so your head is clear in the morning : 🌞SUN_SUN: How will I pass the test if my head is clear?

🌍: Was that supposed to be a joke?

🌞SUN_SUN: It's not funny?

🌞SUN_SUN: Ugggh, this pretty girl just told a lame joke.

🌍: Go to bed You're going nuts.

🌞SUN_SUN: Okay!!

🌞SUN_SUN: I'll go to bed now. This pretty girl is annoyed.

🌍: Hahaha. Goodnight, Sun.

🌞SUN_SUN: Goodnight, Earth.

Ongsa closes the app and puts her phone on the desk to wash up and go to bed.

DING!

But the notification draws her back to her phone. Sun texted her...

Not with a text.

Not with a sticker.

But with a photo.

It's a selfie of Sun on her pillow with a Disney Princess blanket covering half of her face, showing only the nose bridge, eyes, forehead, and messy hair of a girl who's about to go to bed. She looks nothing like the pretty girl of the generation or the active student in school but more like a sleepy cat.

Ongsa feels her face burning. Is Sun trying to kill her with this photo? Her heart is beating so fast. Will Sun take responsibility for her heart if there's a problem with it? And does Sun have to be so cute going to bed? Ugggggh!!

Why can't Ongsa stop smiling?

Even though Ongsa isn't smart, she's not so stupid that she's clueless about her feelings. She knows it's not right and not supposed to happen. She doesn't even have the right to feel this way. What can she do? They're feelings, so they're out of control. She doesn't want to admit it. But she can't deny it.

She...fell in love with Sun.

🌞SUN SUN: Someone's letter have an impact on your heartbeat.

Ongsa wakes up to find out Sun has changed her profile photo and status on LINE and feels like she's about to have a fever.

🌞SUN_SUN: If you like someone, you should tell them, right?

The Blazing Pai: You're not holding back. No one can keep up with you.

🌞SUN_SUN: Don't tease me, Pai.

Kongkwan: How flirty. Why don't you just tell him you want him so bad?

Reindeer: How will the person in the chat know if you post it here?

"See? I told you it wasn't a fake rumor this time."

Tinh holds out his phone to his friends to show Sun's latest status.

"Wow, I've never thought Sun would be this flirty."

Charoen says.

"She might've posted it for fun."

Ongsa makes an excuse for Sun.

"How protective. You're indeed a love slave. Anyway, Ongsa aren't you sad?

Sun is so in love."

Tinh asks in puzzlement.

"Not at all."

Ongsa answers with a grin that makes Tinh want to slap her. From his observation, Tinh firmly believes Ongsa likes Sun. But why doesn't Ongsa react to her crush publicly announcing she's into someone? Tinh wonders why.

🌍:I'mhome, Sun 🌞SUN_SUN: Earth…

🌞SUN_SUN: We've been talking for some time, right?

🌞SUN_SUN: Do you want to meet?

🌍: You want to meet me?

🌞SUN_SUN: Yes.

🌞SUN_SUN: Don't you want to meet me?

🌍: I do.

🌍: But I'm not ready.

🌞SUN_SUN: Earth.

🌞SUN_SUN: I'll be honest.

🌞SUN_SUN: I know you're anxious.

🌞SUN_SUN: But I don't want you to overthink it.

🌞SUN_SUN: No matter who you are..

🌞SUN_SUN: As long as you're the Earth I know...I can accept it.

🌍: Sun.

🌍: It's not like I don't want to meet you.

🌍: It's not like I'm not uncomfortable that I can't tell you who I am.

🌍:I'm afraid our relationship won't be the same when you know me.

🌍: I'm not that great of a person.

🌍: I want to maintain my good image in your imagination.

🌍: I never wish to ruin it.

🌞SUN_SUN: But I don't want you to be only in my imagination, Earth.

🌞SUN_SUN: No matter how beautiful my imagination is, it's untouchable.

🌞SUN_SUN: But you. No matter how horrible you are, it's still you.

🌞SUN_SUN: As long as it's you, nothing else matters to me.

🌞SUN_SUN: I don't want you to decide for me.

🌍: Thank you, Sun 🌍: Thank you for everything.

🌍: But I'm really not ready to meet you.

🌍: When I am...

🌍:I'll go to you myself.

🌍: I promise.

🌞SUN_SUN: Okay.

🌞SUN_SUN: Whatever you wish. I can wait.

🌍: Sun.

🌍: I Care Alot About You.

🌞SUN_SUN: I care a lot about you, too.

Sun can't possibly guess how Earth thinks about the conversation tonight.

Earth might be upset, worried, and not okay, but Sun hopes Earth isn't mad at her. She knows she's being selfish, but what can she do? Girls are selfish when it comes to someone important to them. Sun knows their relationship is already great, but is she wrong for expecting more of it...?

After the conversation that night, Sun never pushes Earth to meet her again.

Ongsa is relatively relieved. She's not ready to tell Sun the truth and never knows if she'll ever be in this lifetime. Ongsa is aware that her feelings for Sun are beyond that of a mere fan, and she can sense that Sun feels the same.

If they both weren't of the same sex, things would be much simpler. Ongsa chooses to talk to Sun and do everything like before, though she knows Sun will get more attached to her. It may be considered selfish, yet Ongsa wishes to follow her heart. On some path, even if you can't see the end of it… Even if you know it's dangerous…

You risk walking that away... In the hopes that... ...You will see the end of it someday...

Ongsa is particularly bored today. Despite it being the month before the final exam that's full of homework to finish until the next lifetime, the school is holding an activity to wrap up the year. That is the student council election.

Tinh, the active student of the gang, has been recruited to a participating team, and Sun is also one of the teammates. You may call them the group selected by the previous student council The team is currently in a meeting discussing the policy and campaign. As for Charoen, she took a day off for a family business. That's why Ongsa is doing homework alone in the free period in the afternoon.

"I went to bed so late last night."

"Hey, there's no empty table."

"They're all taken. What do we do?”

"What about that one? She's alone."

"Yeah. Ask her."

Ongsa hears a group of girls making a fuss from afar and has a hunch that she'll be in trouble.

"Hey, hey, excuse me. All tables are taken. Can we sit here?”

There it is, as expected.

"Yeah."

Ongsa nods in permission. Does she have the right to say, 'No. I want to sit alone. Go somewhere else'? There's no space at other tables around her.

"Thank you."

That gang of the girls settles at the same table as Ongsa.

"Hey, did you watch the show last night? The lesbian couple was freaking

hot. Super steamy."

They start chatting immediately.

"Whoa, that's just a show. The real thing is here. Way hotter."

One of them says, holding out her phone to her friends.

"Huh??? They're dating?"

"Oh, didn't you know? It's been ages."

"They posted it on the internet. Didn't their parents see it?"

"I'd be devastated if I were their parents. I wouldn't want them to grow up

this way."

"You're right. Think about it. She's an only child. They gave birth to a kid that

turned out to be a lesbian."

Ongsa feels herself attempting her best to concentrate on the homework before her.

"But they're both pretty. Have they been like that a long time ago? Didn't she

date a man before?"

"Maybe it didn't work out with him, so she became a lesbian for attention."

"Is that so...?"

"They seem in love, though."

"Ugh...these lesbians. I've seen many of them breaking up at the end. How

long can the love of people like them last?"

"You're right. I mean, imagine a girl dating a girl. Don't they feel awful when

others look at them? They have to endure those eyes. How long can they take it?"

"True."

Nearly running out of patience, Ongsa packs all her stationery and materials in fury and gets up. Even if she has left, she still hears a voice trailing behind.

"Hey... is she a lesbian?"

Tinh's campaign meeting drags on until after classes. Ongsa texts her friend that she will head to cram school first, and Tinh doesn't mind. They don't usually leave at the same time anyway.

After returning home from cram school, Ongsa plops on her bed. She has no idea why she wasted her time with cram school since she didn't understand the lesson today at all. Her head was occupied with the chatty gang's words in the afternoon.

DING!

DING!

DING!

DING!

Ongsa grabs her phone to check upon hearing the notifications. She doesn't need to look at it to know who sent the messages.

🌞SUN SUN: I'm homeeeee.

🌞SUN_SUN: Heyyyy.

🌞SUN_SUN: I have to see the doctor again tomorrow.

🌞SUN_SUN: Still not getting better.

Sun is the type to recover slowly when sick. It's one thing Ongsa has learned.

This will be the third time Sun needs to return to the hospital because fever is still not gone.

🌍: Don't forget to take medicine accordingly.

Ongsa types that down and sends it. She doesn't feel like chatting much more than that.

🌞SUN_SUN: Okay, sir.

🌞SUN_SUN: I'll be a good girl.

🌞SUN_SUN: I won't be naughty.

🌞SUN_SUN: Because you might yield and meet me.

🌞SUN SUN: Hehe.

Ongsa reads Sun's messages and her heart feels oddly numb.

Do you really want to mee? If I'm not the person you think l I am, will you be able to accept me? Even if you accept me, will people around you do it?

How will others look at us?

"What the fuck have you done, Ongsa?"

As mentioned before, on some path, even if you can't see the end of it, and you know it's dangerous, you risk walking that way in the hopes that you will see the end of it someday. But now, Ongsa has discovered the path she's walking on leads to a dead end...

"Ongsa, we're supposed to work on a group assignment together. What are

you doing here? I won't add your name on it if you don't help us."

Tinh lectures Ongsa. Tinh and Charoen found her sitting by the school swimming pool after looking for her all over the school since they had to complete a group assignment as planned.

"Yeah. Whatever."

Ongsa answers as if she doesn't give a damn about this world.

Tinh and Charoen instantly realize this is not a normal situation.

"Hey! I'm just kidding..."

Tinh switches his mood.

"Hey...What's wrong?"

Charoen asks in worry, sitting next to Ongsa

"It's about Sun, isn't it?"

Tinh settles beside Ongsa and continues,

"How many years have we been friends? You think I couldn't tell?"

"Yeah. It's about Sun. I think I can no longer take it.”

Ongsa says, though it looks like she's talking to the floor, not her friends.

"You're upset that Sun is into someone, aren't you?"

Charoen asks.

"No."

"You no longer feel like just a fan anymore, right?"

Tinh says.

"It's not only that. There's something I haven't told you. You only know I like

her, that I'm a fan of her. But I actually cat fished her. I pretended to be a boy..."

"Shittttt!!!"

Her two best friends shout in shock.

"I didn't mean to do that. She was mistaken that I was a boy, and I played

along. I wasn't that into her back then I thought I could control myself. I texted her because I wanted to chat and know her more, just like when you're a fan of someone. I thought it would make me happy, and it did at first. But as we talked, it felt good more and more. I don't know when my feelings changed.

Nonetheless, she wasn't talking to me. It was Earth, the boy I pretended to be."

"Then the boy in the chat rumored to be dating Sunis you?"

Charoen begins to put the pieces together.

---Chapter : 7

FALLING DEEPER

We do something stupid loads of times. For example. We go to where we shouldn't go. We do…things we shouldn't do. We feel…what we shouldn't feel. We even love…someone we're not supposed to love.

“You ask her.”

“No. You do it.”

“You should ask her since you want to know.”

-“Ugh…As if you don't.”

“You're a boy. You do it.”

“Don't claim the women's rights right now. I'm more like a lady than you are,

Charoen. Hey, let's do rock, paper, scissors.”

“All right.”

“Rock, paper, scissors!! Shit…I lost.”

“Gooooooo.”

“Very well.”

Tinh walks to the side of his best friend, who has looked like a lifeless body since morning.

“Ongsa.”

“...”

“How are you feeling?”

“...”

“You can pour your heart out us.”

Charoen adds.

“We might not be able to help, but we can listen to you. Don't keep things to

yourself.” Tinh pats his friend's shoulder in worry.

“Yeah…I know. Thank you, but I'm okay.”

The 'I'm okay' and the sight before her friends contrast with each other. But since Ongsa isn't ready to say anything, it's no use pressing her. Both her friends can only watch from afar.

Earth disappeared… He hasn't replied to her text. It doesn't even show that it's read. Sun is uneasy, wondering what happened to him. Even though Earth once misunderstood her about Nai and hardly replied for a short while, he never disappeared or ignored her text like this. Earth has been silent for only one day, but for the one waiting… It's freaking long…and freaking tormenting.

“Sun, do you want to go to the noodle place? Deer talked about this

evening?” Vee asks.

“I have to go to cram school.”

“Ugh…you can have it before going there. It's not far. Come on, let's go

together.” Vee persuades.

“Come on, Sun. I'm also going.”

Kongkwan chimes in. They go to the same cram school, so she's the closest to Sun. Besides, since they spend time with each other more than others, Kongkwan has noticed Sun's peculiar behavior all day. She hasn't said anything because she doesn't want to meddle in her friend's life.

“Okay, I'll go.”

“It's the best, I'm telling you ”

“Is that so?”

“Yeah. This place is crazy good.”

“Is it far?”

“Turn left and we're there.”

That's Tinh and Charoen conversation as they head to the targeted restaurant for dinner. These three best friends have meals together only once in a while.

Yes, that's right. There are three of them, but one of them follows quietly. To be accurate, Ongsa has hardly spoken a word all day. The thing is, seeing how deeply depressed Ongsa was, Tinh and Charoen agreed to take her to eat something delicious outside the school, thinking it'd make their friend feel better. Tinh and Ongsa's families are pretty protective of their children, so they don't hang out much outside the school. Therefore, it's the professional Charoen's duty to find a great restaurant.

“We're here.”

The three have finally arrived, but Tinh and Charoen's plan seems to fail.

“What…? It's sold out?”

“Yes, dear. I'm sorry. Someone bought everything to celebrate their birthday.

What we have here will be delivered to them.”

“It's okay, Ma'am. We'll come back next time. Thank you.”

Charoen tells the owner of the famous chicken rice place. She planned to bring Ongsa here, knowing she loves chicken.

“Sorry. I wasted your time.”

“It's okay. You didn't know someone would buy everything. What will we eat

now? Are there restaurants around here?” Tinh asks.

“I don't know. I usually eat here.”

Charoen answers.

“There's a noodle place in the next alley. Recently open for business. My

customers went there and said it was delicious. Why don't you give it a go?” The owner of the chicken rice place suggests because the kids are standing here at loss at the front. Having nowhere else in mind the three decided to check it out.

“We're here!”

Deer tells her three friends proudly.

“It's super crowded. Will we get a table?”

Kongkwan peeks inside.

“Right…Wait. Is that your friend, Sun?”

Vee turns to Sun and points.

“Oh…Tinh!”

The three best friends turn their heads toward the voice. Knowing whose it is, Tinh and Charoen simultaneously exclaim.

“Crap!”

Sun walks over to Tinh, and, of course, Charoen and Ongsa are there as well.

“You're eating here, too? It must be really good since you chose this place.”

“Y…Yeah. Who are you with?”

Tinh asks to be polite.

“I'm here with my classmates. I'll return to them now. See you at school,

Tinh.”

“Sure.”

Sun spins and goes back to her gang. Charoen and Tinh turn to their friend, who pretends to eat without a care for the girl that's just left.

“Ongsa, are you okay?”

Tinh asks.

“Yes…I'm okay.”

“I'm sorry for taking you here.”

Charoen says, feeling guilty.

“It's really okay. Eat up so we can leave quickly. I have cram school.”

Although Ongsa looks nothing like she's okay. Tinh and Charoen see no point in pushing her. As it's no use asking, the two friends try to finish this meal as fast as possible. The table of Sun and her friends is by the exit, and it's the only exit here. The three best friends can't avoid her.

“Are you leaving now? See you at school.”

Sun says goodbye. Ongsa glances at her for a split second to find her already looking at her. It's a brief second before Ongsa turns away with a racing heart.

“What's wrong, Sun?”

Vee asks, seeing Sun zone out as if something is on her mind.

“Tinh's friend looks somewhat familiar.”

“You probably crossed paths often at school.”

Kongkwan says.

“Yeah, I guess.”

Sun shakes this strange feeling away from her heart. She doesn't want to unnecessarily overthink anything. Her head already hurts so much with Earth in her mind.

🌞SUN_SUN : Earth, did you lose your phone again?

Ongsa reads Sun's latest text. From the notification, not in the chat box. She sighs, locks the screen, and puts her phone on the desk. She hasn't replied to Sun for a week. Sun bombarded her with texts in the first two days before it gradually decreased. Ongsa is happy every time she gets Sun's text, but it's also painful to look at those letters without being able to reply despite all things in her mind she wishes to say…

Earth still hasn't given a reply, and Sun gets anxious more and more every day. Missing someone is not funny. And missing someone without knowing if they also miss us is not funny at all. Earth disappeared. He doesn't read her texts. Sun has no clue where he is. All she knows is her happiness disappeared with him.

Ongsa feels like a psycho. Even though she tries to get over Sun, she keeps spying on her life.

SunSmile @Sun_Sun1A • 1m You're just going to disappear like this?

SunSmile @Sun_Sun1A • 1m I guess it was only me all along.

Sun's latest two Tweets numb Ongsa's heart. She wishes she could reply that she never wanted to disappear and Sun wasn't the only one catching feelings.

No matter how much Ongsa wants to respond to those Tweets, she can only suppress her emotions and hide her feelings as deeply as possible at the bottom of her heart. The feelings…she has no right to own.

“Wow, look at this picture. So freaking handsome.”

“Yeah. Super handsome. The photo could get me pregnant.”

“How the hell, Deer?”

“I was exaggerating, okay? Look at him. Wow, how handsome. He doesn't

need to do anything else besides being handsome. Sun, take a look. He's freaking handsome.” Deer holds out her phone to Sun to show a photo of a hot star they're smitten with.

“Yeah…he's handsome.”

Her voice…expression…eyes…mannerisms. It's a buzzkill.

““What's wrong, Sun?”

Deer asks in confusion. The Sun they know has never been this downhearted.

“No…It's nothing.”

Sun denies almost immediately, but her friends don't seem to buy it.

“Sun…You can tell us what's on your mind. We're friends. Don't forget that.”

Vee says. She's been aware of Sun acting strange for a while but never asked because she didn't want to stick her nose in her friend's business. It hasn't been a year since Sun moved here, so it's impossible to assume her feelings from her eyes the way the three of them, who have been friends since middle school, can. Still, they've been friends for a year. Vee hopes Sun feels comfortable enough to voice her trouble to them. Perhaps it's the genuine worry without a hint of curiosity in the eyes of the three friends.

Sun yields and tells them what has been eating at her for the past several days.

“Let's say…I mean…If you talked to someone every day and then they

suddenly disappeared, what would you do?”

“Are you talking about Earth?”

Kongkwan gets straight to the point. If she was a gun, her bullet would pierce right through the core of a heart. As mentioned before, Kongkwan is the closest to Sun among all of them. She has always noticed Sun's odd behaviors but has chosen to wait for Sun to bring it up herself.

“Yeah.”

“Do you like him that much, Sun?”

Vee asks, curious. Ever since they became friends, she's witnessed countless people talking to Sun. Earth wasn't the first boy Sun talked to, though he seemed more special than others to the point Sun blushed when they teased her about him. Even so, Vee never expected Sun to like him so much that it troubled her like this.

“I don't know, but I was happy when I talked to him. I don't know if it's

enough to say I have feelings for him, but it feels good to have him close by.

It's like I had someone who cared about me and what I did, said goodnight to me, woke me up in the morning, scolded me to do homework, reminded me to take medicine, and made me feel incredibly special, and then he disappeared as if nothing had ever happened. I just wonder why. What did I do wrong?”

“You did nothing wrong, Sun. Don't assume how he feels. He might have a

reason he couldn't contact you. What you can do now is wait. If he really wants to go, there's nothing you can do.” Vee says.

“Come on…don't be sad. School's over. Let's have some ice cream at the

place in front of our school. My treat.” Deer switches the topic to make Sun feel better. The two other friends agree.

They all then pack their things without mentioning this subject again.

Earth has disappeared for two weeks, and Sun is on the verge of going crazy.

He doesn't reply or even read her texts. Sun is worried something terrible might've happened to him. She prays he just lost his phone or LINE malfunctioned. With that thought, Sun checks on Earth on LINE every day.

Perhaps it's because that's the only thing she can do. The same goes for today.

Sun opens the chat box like before, but the difference is Earth has updated something. No…he still hasn't replied to her. Sun learns Earth still uses this account because he changed the profile photo to black and set a new status.

🌍: Painful..

The short word gets Sun worked up like nothing else. Since her heart reacts faster than her brain, she instantly sends him a message expressing her worry.

🌞SUN SUN: Earth…are you okay?

DING!

Ongsa grabs her phone upon hearing the notification out of habit. When she sees whose text it is, she's overwhelmed by all sorts of emotions. My heart feels this heavy just by seeing her name. Why is it so painful? Ongsa doesn't understand what the hell is happening right now. She likes Sun…and she's certain Sun also likes her. Two people have mutual feelings…yet they can't date. Because someone in the past set this value… that women only match men… Just because they're of the same sex…these feelings… aren't allowed to be called love?

Ongsa should've realized earlier that what she once thought of and expected was impossible in reality. She should've walked away before she fell for Sun this hard. And before Sun fell so hard for her. What hurts more than not being loved…is when you're loved…but you can't be together. It was wrong from the start. Ongsa knew she shouldn't do it, yet she couldn't resist her heart's desire. She let her feelings run off despite knowing there was no finish line.

I love you…I love you so much. Her feelings echo in her heart, but not a sound slips out. I miss you…Ongsa misses Sun like crazy. She thinks of her before going to bed and when she wakes up. She thinks of her all the time.

She can't shake Sun off her head. Her heart keeps recalling the old times and the conversations they had. She misses 'their moments.' Only silence remains right now…and emptiness…as if everything was just a good dream one night.

But what proved it to be real is the text before her and her awfully aching heart.

“I'm sorry, Sun…”

Ongsa speaks to the phone screen as if to convey her feelings to the person sending the texts.

“I'm sorry for leading you to this pain because of my own selfishness. I'm

sorry for walking away without telling you the reason. I'm a coward. I don't have the courage to face you and speak the truth. I don't want you to hate me.

I'm sorry for hurting you. I love you, Sun… Even though our relationship is impossible, I love you. Even though we can't be together, I love you. Can you hear me, Sun? I love you…” The tears trickling down are the feelings from her heart. No matter how loud she screams in her bedroom, no matter how hard she cries, the echoing feelings in her heart will never be delivered to the person whom she hopes to acknowledge them.

- “...I love you…” SunSmile @Sun_Sun1A • 10m You made me happy and disappeared…Don't you feel sorry for me?

SunSmile @Sun_Sun1A • 20m Should I understand you…or erase you from my heart?

Ongsa reads Sun's latest Tweets with mixed feelings. Her heart has been heavy for two weeks with no sign of being relieved. Ongsa knows keeping herself updated with Sun will make it harder to get over her. Regardless…

her stubborn heart always wins against all reasons.

asgno @_asgno_ • Now No one wants to be the cause of someone's pain. Especially the person they love.

Sun closes the LINE app after discussing a group project with her friends.

Earth still hasn't responded to her texts. Of course…She would've been notified had he done it. He neither reads nor replies to her texts as if they're invisible. Before, Sun could comfort herself that Earth must've lost his phone or LINE malfunctioned, but the fact that Earth changed his status and profile photo on LINE meant her assumption was wrong. Moreover, the fact that Earth didn't read her texts emphasized he didn't want to contact her. Sun goes to Twitter. She's been addicted to this application because she needs an outlet for her suppressed feelings. If she vents on Facebook, people will throw heaps of questions at her. They say Twitter is a place to complain, create dramas, badmouth, and make quotes, so venting on Twitter is the best option at the moment. Since Sun is free, she scrolls through the feed to check the updates of those she's following to kill the boredom. Some tweets put a smile on her face. Some crack her up. Some are like a knife piercing through her heart.

• KT • WANTtoSLEEP @ktp28 • 2m Probably not gonna make it…

Sun laughs softly at the Tweet with a YouTube link of her friend from her old school and retweets it. The hashtag '#youarelisteningto' is trending #1 right now. Isn't it nice to be Twitterati? When there are no dramas to pry, they come up with various activities to pass the time. Sun explores the hashtag to find hilarious Tweets. It's full of a mix of emotions. Some made jokes. Some are emotional. Some famous figures on Twitter also joined in.

Hoktanwa | Sixth of Dec @hoktanwa • 50m Why are we listening to music when we no longer listen to each other?

#youarelisteningto Sun is slightly confused if those words make any sense. She scrolls down for a while until she stumbles across a Tweet.

asgno @_asgno_ • 5h Same song. Doesn't feel the same.

http://youtu.be/E08p-Za-mK0 #youarelisteningto Sun halts and stares at the Tweet longer than the others. This song is quite old, not a popular song everyone can sing along. Sun wouldn't have known it… had Earth not sent it to he. Sun checks the account with an odd feeling in her heart.

asgno @_asgno_ • 5h Same song. Doesn't feel the same.

http://youtu.be/E08p-Za-mK0 #youarelisteningto asgno @_asgno_ • 4d It hurts because all I can do is miss her.

asgno @_asgno_ • 7d I'll probably get used to not having her soon.

asgno @_asgno_ • 10d I shouldn't have done it in the first place.

asgno @_asgno_ • 11d I should stop.

asgno @_asgno_ • 12d I have to move on…I have to do it…It's freaking hard.

asgno @_asgno_ • 15d Stop…or move forward.

“Who is this?”

“Sun, are you snooping on this Twitter account again?

Kongkwan asks as they exit the school and head to the cram school together.

Sun kept scrolling on Twitter while walking to the point Kongkwan had to say something out of worry that her friend would trip.

“Yeah…it's like I'm talking to Earth. The owner of this account feels so

similar to him. He also tweets Earth's favorite songs often.”

“You're still not over this? It might be a coincidence.”

Why wouldn't Kongkwan know what her friend was thinking? She has no intention of destroying Sun's hope. But so what if this is Earth's account when the truth is this boy has decided to disappear from her friend's life?

“You think I don't want to get over it? I can't do it. It's still bothering me. He

disappeared all of sudden. I just wonder why.”

“Why don't you text him again?”

“He hasn't replied to me since that day. He hasn't even read my texts. I don't

have the guts to send more.”

“Hey…There's a reason for everything. It's just sometimes we don't have the

right to know it.”

“But I wish he told me, not simply disappearing like this as if my feelings are

worthless.”

“Come on, it's okay. Let's stop being sad and study physics. There are more

to be sad about.” Ongsa thinks she's so close to becoming a stalker. Although she should stay away from Sun to get over her, she's doing the opposite. It's as if she's trying to be closer to Sun to make up for all the times they didn't talk. Snooping on her Twitter and Facebook accounts is nothing compared to what Ongsa is doing right now. She's following Sun. It's not actually following. Ongsa knows Sun waits for her father to pick her up at this café every Sunday afternoon. She's the one telling Ongsa about this. So, she came here in advance for no specific reason.

I just miss you…

I want to see your face…

I want to be close to you…

I want to breathe the same air as you…

That's all…

Ongsa barely crosses paths with Sun at school, and Tinh hardly invites her to hang out with the student council like before anymore. Plus, the exam season is around the corner. Ongsa simply wishes to follow her heart.

Sun places the magazine she's just read on the table and sips from her drink at the side. The beverage of this café tastes the same. The atmosphere is also the same. Pa works half a day on Sunday as usual. I study at cram school for half a day on Sunday as usual. I have to wait for Dad at this café after school as usual. Nothing seems to be different from before she had Earth. Oddly enough, even though everything is the same with the same atmosphere, Sun feels lonelier. She has no one to text while waiting for her father. That person is just gone. Sun scrolls on her phone to pass the time because her father just texted her that he'd be late. Twitter is her choice. Sun has been addicted to this application lately, and it's gotten worse since she found that account…

Sun types on the search bar out of habit with her delicate fingers to see the account she checks more often than her own. She hopes for the updates from the owner as usual, ones that make her feel like she's talking to Earth, but the thing displayed on the screen stops her short. The latest tweet was a few minutes ago. A photo with a short caption.

asgno @_asgno_ • 8m At this place.

An ordinary caption and an ordinary photo make Sun's heart race. The location in the photo is the café she's in. Is the owner of this account here?

Sun glances around. It's Sunday afternoon. Even if it's not crowded, it's hard to tell. To prove her assumption, Sun decides to text Earth again.

🌞SUN SUN: Earth, where are you right now?

DING!

A notification chime sounds close by. A girl sitting near Sun gets up and scurries off.

That was close… Ongsa tells herself that after fleeing for two alleys away from the café. She was clueless why Sun asked her the question even though she hadn't replied for weeks. Considering it was dangerous to linger there, Ongsa quickly left, hoping Sun wouldn't notice.

“Earth…”

Ongsa turns around toward the voice. Sun followed her! Ongsa looks at Sun only to find out she's already staring at her. Ongsa chooses to avert her eyes.

What should she do…? What should she do? Should she deny it? Why does her mouth not move? Silence falls upon the two girls as they're deep in thought. Eventually, Sun breaks it.

“How have you been?”

She asks the typical, short question. No response given, but the girl's expression, eyes, and mannerisms convince Sun that this is the person she's looking for.

“I've recovered from the cold. It took me over a month. I saw the doctor so

many times.”

“...”

“Without you reminding me, I always forgot to take the pills.”

“...”

“It's funny talking alone.”

“...”

“You ignored my texts, and now you're leaving me talking alone…”

“...”

“Is there anything better than silence?”

“...I'm sorry…”

Is the first thing out of Ongsa's mouth.

“Can you give me something else instead of an apology? I want to know why

you disappeared.”

“I'm a girl.”

Ongsa says finally. There's no escape at this moment. All she can do is face reality.

“What does it have to do with this?”

“You like boys. Can't you see what I am? I'm not a boy. I'm not what you

want. I'm just a girl… Have you an idea how I hate myself more and more every day that I can't be a boy for you?”

“...”

It's Sun's turn to be quiet.

“I didn't tell you I was a girl because I thought we would only be friends. I

never expected to have feelings for you. I shouldn't've had any feelings for you. Our relationship is impossible. How can I ever be by your side with that status? How would others look at us?”

“You care about others more than me?”

“I care about you more, of course. That's why I did that. Don't forget we're

not the only people in this world. I can't stand people looking at you in a negative way.”

“Our relationship is up to us to decide. Why did you make a decision by

yourself? Why did you never ask me? No matter who you are or what gender, the person I've been talking to is you. I don't care about what others think.

This is my life. I can choose what I want. And yet, you've never given me a chance to choose at all.” Sun pours her heart out. Since this is all the feelings suppressed inside during Earth's disappearance, it's not different from an emotional explosion. This girl made her happy and vanished into thin air, thinking others would view them negatively. Did it never occur to her how hurt Sun would feel?

“Now that you know everything and have a chance to choose, what…will

you do…?” The girl shoots the question at her.

“...”

Now Sun doesn't know how to respond.

“If you don't mind, can I start over…? Can I start over, but not as Earth?”

“...”

“Hi… I'm Ongsa…”

“Nice to meet you”

---Chapter : 8

WILL YOU WALK WITH ME?

“Have we ever met before? You look familiar.”

Sun asks what's on her mind. She decided to follow this girl because she found it odd and felt familiar with her.

“We go to the same school.”

“Huh?”

“Yeah.”

“What grade are you in?”

“The tenth grade.”

“Which class?”

“Three.”

“You're from the same class as Tinh. That's why you look familiar.”

“Yeah…We actually stumbled across each other many times.”

“And you never told me it was you. How mean.”

“I'm sorry.”

Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Sun's phone rings, interrupting them from further conversation.

“Yes, Pa…I'm outside. You've arrived…? Okay. I'll be right there. See you.”

Sun puts her phone in her pocket and turns to speak to Ongsa with a stern face.

“Ongsa…we can start over, but you have to promise you won't disappear

without telling me anything again.”

“I…promise.”

Ongsa whispers.

“Good…I'll be off, then. My dad called me.”

“Okay.”

By the time she has gotten through the traffic congestion and reached home, the pretty girl of the generation is knackered, lying helplessly on her Disney Princess bed in her room. Now that Sun is alone quietly, she reflects on everything. She can't believe things like this can transpire. She thought it was only possible in books or dramas.

A girl…? She's been talking to a girl all this time. The person who made her heart pound was a girl. The person who drove her crazy the entire month was a girl. If she really likes Ongsa, it means she's into girls. Is she becoming a lesbian…?

This is crazy!! What is she supposed to do? Should she tell Ongsa honestly that she's not into girls…after saying genders don't matter? That's nuts! It's obvious how Ongsa thinks of her. If Sun said that, they wouldn't be able to face each other and Ongsa would disappear from her life forever. Ongsa disappearing…Sun can't allow that. She almost went insane after one month without Ongsa. Even though she's not a fan of being a lesbian, she doesn't want to be without Ongsa. Anyway…why hasn't Ongsa texted her? Didn't she promise she wouldn't disappear?

As it turned out, Sun loses sleep thinking about Ongsa all night and falls asleep at dawn. How crazy. Sun overthought when Ongsa disappeared. Now that they've met, she overthinks even more. Why does Ongsa have such a significant impact on her? She hasn't texted her yet, and Sun is afraid to start. Honestly, Sun admitted to herself last night that she wanted Ongsa in her life? As for the relationship beyond that, it's a big deal and takes time. Sun wants to talk to Ongsa but doesn't dare to text her. She's scared that if she still can't accept this kind of relationship, her action will hurt the person she cares about…

DING!

🌍: Good morning.

Ongsa texts Sun while she's on her way to school. The message is short with no special meaning, yet it oddly makes Sun's heart pound. When your heart beats faster after receiving someone's messages… If it's not due to the content, it's how important the sender is…

🌞SUN SUN: Good morning.

Sun replies with the same words. It's not thoughtless or out of courtesy. She just doesn't know how to act. However, Sun is certain that Ongsa is too important for her to let go. She was awfully anxious without Ongsa's messages. If she loses both messages and the sender…how will she cope…?

Even though Sun is sure Ongsa is too important for her to let disappear, that kind of relationship is a big deal to her. Sun has no clue if she can ever think of Ongsa that way. It's absolutely tricky…

While waiting for Ongsa's reply, Sun reads their previous conversations. All the time they talked, their bond, their memories, the good things she shared with Earth, whom she now knows is Ongsa, there are tons of those things.

Sun slowly reads them and still laughs at those old messages that once cracked her up back then. She still gets annoyed with Ongsa's old replies, as if nothing has changed. The difference is some of Sun's questions have been answered.

🌞SUN SUN: Earth, We've been talking for some time, right?

🌞SUN SUN: Do you want to meet?

🌍: You want to meet me?

🌞 SUN_SUN: Yes.

🌞 SUN_SUN: Don't you want to meet me?

🌍: I do.

🌍: But I'm not ready, Sun.

🌞 SUN_SUN: Earth.

🌞 SUN_SUN: I'll be honest.

🌞 SUN_SUN: I know you're anxious.

🌞 SUN_SUN: But I don't want you to overthink it.

🌞 SUN_SUN: No matter who you are…

🌞 SUN_SUN: As long as you're the Earth I know.. I can accept it.

🌍: Sun.

🌍: It's not like I don't want to meet you.

🌍: It's not like I'm not uncomfortable that I can't tell you who I am.

🌍: I'm afraid our relationship won't be the same when you know me.

🌍: I'm not that great of a person.

🌍: I want to maintain my good image in your imagination.

🌍: I never wish to ruin it.

This was what Ongsa was worried about. This is what's happening to her.

She's changing. Just because she has discovered who this person is…

🌞 SUN_SUN: But I don't want you to be only in my imagination, Earth.

🌞 SUN_SUN: No matter how beautiful my imagination is, it's untouchable.

🌞 SUN_SUN: But you. No matter how horrible you are, it's still you.

🌞 SUN_SUN: As long as it's you, nothing else matters to me.

Didn't you say you could accept her…? Why are you being like this now?

You're indeed crazy…

“Tinh!”

The voice calling his name makes Tinh look up from the homework he's vigorously copying to find out who it is. When Tinh sees the owner of the clear voice, he goes pale. Tinh isn't the only one with the reaction but also his two best friends.

“Ah…Hi. What's the matter, Sun?”

Tinh adjusts his voice to be as natural as possible and tries not to glance at Ongsa.

“Can I have a word with your friend for a moment? I'll return her to you

later.” Before the two best friends pull themselves together and do something, Sun drags Ongsa out with her, shocking Charoen and Tinh.

“Ongsa is fucking doomed, Charoen. Call your grandpa to prepare her

funeral hall.” Sun takes Ongsa to the side of the library, where a few students are hanging out.

“Why didn't you reply to my text?”

Sun turns and asks. Since Sun replied to Ongsa this morning, she hasn't responded to her text until now on lunch break despite it being read at that moment.

“Ah…I didn't know what to say.”

Ongsa answers honestly.

“Just talk like before, the way we used to do.”

“I…”

“Do you want to stop talking to me?”

“No. I just didn't know what to talk about. I'm still not used to this.”

“You went quiet last night. You promised not to disappear.”

“My…phone got confiscated.”

Ongsa says, dipping her chin like a kid getting caught for her wrong doing.

“How come?”

Sun asks in curiosity.

“Ah…Well…My mom caught me skipping cram school yesterday. When I got

home, she confiscated my phone for one night as a punishment.”

“You're bad. Why did you do that?”

“I went…for a coffee.”

How ridiculous. Why does my heart beat so fast because of this girl's simple words?

“Give me your phone.”

“Huh?”

Ongsa looks at Sun in confusion.

“Give me your phone.”

“Are you going to confiscate it, too?”

“I'm not your mom. Why would I do that? Just hand it over.”

“Okay…”

Ongsa passes her phone to Sun obediently. Sun seems to have gotten a lot of fiercer after their encounter yesterday.

“Your password?”

“3004.”

“The same as mine.”

Sun points out in surprise.

“Yeah…? How coincidental.”

How coincidental that I set your birthdate as my password. Ongsa thinks quietly.

“3004.”

Sun repeats while unlocking the phone.

“Wait!!”

Ongsa shouts as something hits her, but it's too late. The lock screen wallpaper displaying a Korean idol switches to the photo of the girl holding the problematic device with its owner standing near with a pale face. Ongsa forgot she set Sun's photo as the home screen wallpaper. Besides, it's the photo she took in secret. It's over. She'd doomed. Wah…TOT Sun doesn't seem to mind, though. She taps her number agilely with her long fingers and presses the call. Shortly after, her ringtone goes off. Sun hangs up and returns the phone to Ongsa, and she takes it back in as much puzzlement as when she gave it to Sun.

“Your last class is a free period, right?”

“How do you know?”

Ongsa asks in surprise.

“I checked the class schedule at the academic office.”

“O_O!!”

“I heard Miss Pornpan took a day off. I'll be free in the last period as well.

I'll call you.”

“OoO!!”

“You've already saved my contact.”

“TOT!!”

Ongsa's life is doomed. Sun called her own number earlier, so she saw her contact on Ongsa's phone. She even set Sun's photo for her number. Isn't pretending to be a boy messed up enough? Why did fate play a joke on her like this?!! Mama, I want to go homeeee!! Waaaah.

“Don't make that face.”

“Ah…Well…I…ah…I…”

“I'll call you. Go to class. We're five minutes late for the afternoon class. I'll

be off now.” Sun walks off, leaving Ongsa stupefied. What is happening? Is she dreaming?

What is this? They haven't finished the conversation and Sun has taken off to her class. Why is she in such a hurry? Ongsa doesn't feel rushed at all, even if it's chemistry…Hold up. The afternoon class is chemistry. The four-eyed teacher's subject. You're fucking doomed, Ongsa!!

- “Excuse me.” Ongsa says softly but loudly enough for the completely silent class of the austere four-eyed teacher.

“You're over ten minutes late. Take off your watch if it fails to help you be

punctual.”

“I'm sorry.”

“Take your seat.”

“Thank you, Miss.”

Ongsa walks with a pale face to her table beside Tinh and Charoen. After splitting with Sun, Ongsa returned to both her friends and found Tinh, Charoen, and her school bag gone. Tinh then gave her a call, saying the four- eyed teacher was here and she must hurry. Ongsa ran as fast as possible but still got scolded.

“Hey…why did Sun want to see you?”

Tinh asks in whisper.

“Did she know the truth?”

Charoen is also curious.

“Yeah…”

Ongsa answers.

“What?!! Seriously? How did she figure it out? Did she tell you off? What

about…”

“Tinh! Nannapat! Charoenporn! If you want to talk, go outside!”

Upon the four-eyed teacher's command, all questions are buried deep at the bottom of their hearts.

“Students, pay respect…”

“Thank you, Miss.”

The four-eyed teacher's two-period chemistry is finally over. Tinh and Charoen shift their attention to Ongsa in an instant.

“Hey, spill.”

Tinh starts.

“I went to see Sun at a café yesterday, so she found out I was the one

pretending to be a boy to talk to her.”

“Did you confess to her?”

Charoen asks.

“No. She discovered it herself. I don't know how she did that. When I was at

the café, she suddenly sent me a message asking where I was. I left in shock, but she followed me.”

“And then what? What did Sun say?”

“She asked how I'd been doing and told me she'd recovered from the cold

and seen the doctor several times.”

“Huh?”

Tinh looks confused. Is that the topic of conversation in that kind of situation?

“She then asked why I disappeared, so I explained that I wasn't okay with

myself for doing that and I didn't want to hurt her. Sun asked why I made a decision on my own without asking her. Something like that. And I asked if I could start over if she didn't mind.”

“What's her answer?”

Tinh is excited to know more about this.

Rrrrrrrrrrrrr The ringtone of Ongsa's phone interrupts the conversation in time.

“Wait a sec.”

Ongsa tells her two friends. She picks up the call and turns around to speak.

“Hello…My class is over. Yeah…Now…? Okay. I'll be right there. Hanging

up.” Ongsa ends the call, grabs her bag, and turns to her friends.

“I'm leaving. I have an errand to run.”

Before Charoen and Tinh respond, Ongsa, afraid Sun will wait long, rushes out to the destination, leaving her friends in perplexity with an unanswered question.

“Ongsaaaaa!! Damn you!! We were at the last part and you left us hanging.

You're just going to heartlessly cut it short like this, you punk?!” Tinh yells while Charoen glances at Ongsa in weariness, but the scolded girl doesn't even look back.

“Sun…”

“You're here? Sit down.”

Sun says, making space for Ongsa to settle next to her on a swing chair for three. Two girls are currently on the opposite farthest sides with enough room in the middle for Tinh to dance on.

“I called you here because I didn't want to say it with letters or through a

phone call. I wanted to talk to you in person.” S Sun starts.

“I see…”

“Since we both went home yesterday, I lost sleep thinking about all these

things. To me, everything was so sudden and unexpected.”

“I know.”

“All the time we texted, it felt good to me. I was always grateful to have you

by my side. And because you were like that, I wished to know you more. I didn't understand why you tried to avoid meeting me at first, but I do now. I know you were scared that things would change and our relationship wouldn't be the same.”

“...”

“And things did change as you'd predicted. I pondered it all night. I'm a girl.

You're a girl. Can girls have feelings beyond platonic? I'm still unsure about how I feel toward you or what our relationship will be like. I can't see the future of this…”

“...”

“I'm sorry…”

The soft apology sends a shiver all over Ongsa's heart. Even though she told herself last night to not be so hopeful-when Sun agreed to start over, she never specified how they would do it-and even though she's been anxious and braced herself since last night, now that she's heard Sun's words, it feels so heavy that she goes speechless.

“No need to apologize…”

“...”

“...I understand you, Sun. I know it's hard. As you pointed out, you can't see

the future of girls in a relationship. Actually, you can't even imagine the beginning of it.” Ongsa struggles greatly to steady her voice despite her being terrible disheartened.

“The beginning is here…with us.”

Ongsa is confused why Sun inches toward her and even holds one of her hands.

“I don't know if I can feel that way toward you. I don't even know how things

will turn out between us. But I don't want it to end here or for this reason. I had good feelings for you throughout the time we texted. Still, I have no idea if it was enough to say I fell for you. I would've felt this way anyway, even if you were Earth, a boy.

How about we slowly get to know each other? We've only done that through letters. From now on, let's learn more about each other for real.”

“Sun…what do you mean?”

Ongsa doesn't mind being called stupid right now. She can't comprehend Sun's confusing words.

“I mean…well…we can give it a try. We'll see if it doesn't work.”

“Oh…Why did you scare me with that apology?”

“Oh, I wasn't done. I said I couldn't see the future for us, so I wanted to tell

you that…I'm sorry, but can you stay with me until I can see our future?” If love is a journey… On the path that two girls agree to walk together…

Without knowing what awaits at the end… the beginning of this path has formed…

Back on lunch break, after splitting with Ongsa, Sun marched back to her classroom. She didn't hurry there because she was afraid to be late, but she doubted she could pull herself together. Sun acted composed and put on a stern face, but Ongsa made her at a loss. Ongsa's words, expression, especially the way she looked at her… How…can you be so cute?

Sun overthought all night just to be defeated within ten minutes of meeting Ongsa. It was absolutely crazy. Sun already felt awfully shy that Ongsa set her photo as the home screen wallpaper, but then she found her own contact with a photo on the phone as well. What if Sun failed to contain herself and react? It would've been embarrassing. What an insane person…

“Is the teacher here?”

Sun asked once she arrived at the classroom. It was a rhetorical question.

She could guess the answer, given how chaotic the room was.

“Not yet. Where have you been?”

Deer asked in curiosity. Sun suddenly asked her to take her bag to the classroom and left to do something for a while.

“I went to see Tinh.”

Sun answered with the truth… Not entirely, though.

“Oh…It was about the student council? Being a member of that seems busy,

and you haven't even officially been one” Vee felt exhausted for Sun. According to the election result a week ago, Sun's team won by a landslide, which meant Sun was one of the future members of the student council. It was known that the student council of this school had loads of responsibilities.

“Yeah.”

Sun nodded along as she didn't want her friends to interrogate her.

“Sun…let me ask you something.”

Kongkwan said carefully.

“What is it?”

“Did you…get over Earth?”

It wasn't that she was nosy about her friend's business, but Sun's evident change of mannerisms aroused curiosity in her.

“Yeah…I think I'll try to like someone else.”

“Huh?!”

---Chapter : 9

A PERSON WITH NO RIGHT

It's Sunday, but this Sunday feels completely different from last week. Seven days ago, Ongsa woke up missing someone with a heavy heart. Today, however, Ongsa wakes up thinking of the same person with a different feeling. Ongsa is 'excited.' After agreeing to continue talking, Ongsa and Sun are now texting each other like before. Although Ongsa doesn't mess with Sun as much as before because she's still not used to this, it feels great that things have returned to the way they were. The difference is Ongsa doesn't need to hide her identity anymore. Now, she talks to Sun as a girl without pretending to be Earth.

“Did you wait long? Sorry.”

Sun says, pulling the chair opposite Ongsa and sitting down.

“Not that long.”

They've agreed to learn more about each other. But it's inconvenient to meet up at school since Sun and Ongsa don't want anyone to know about them. So, they planned to have lunch together at noon on Sunday after cram school. It's the only time they're both free to see each other. The selected location is a Korean restaurant near Ongsa's cram school since Ongsa has afternoon classes after this while Sun only has morning classes. So, it takes Sun longer to get here.

“Are you hungry? Should we order now?”

“Yeah.”

“You're not as talkative as you are when texting.”

Sun says after sitting here for a while and feeling like she's with a ghost.

“I…I'm still not used to this.”

“Why are you so tense? You used to mess with me all the time.”

“I was Earth back then. No matter what I said, you would never know who I

was.”

“Oh…so you planned to ditch me all along.”

“It's not like that.”

“Hmph!”

“Mm…I'm sorry.”

“You're apologizing again. Is there anything else you wish to say?”

“I don't know.”

“I'll ask you, then.”

DING!

DING!

The notifications come from the phone on the table. Ongsa glances to check who texted her.

🌞SUN_SUN : Tell me your personal background first.

🌞SUN_SUN : Give me the truth this time.

Ongsa flicks her eyes at Sun in confusion.

DING!

🌞SUN_SUN : If you're not used to talking in person, we can do it here.

Sun messages her with a joyful smile. This is how she wants to play? As she wishes!!

🌍: What do you want to know?

🌞SUN_SUN : Your name.

🌍: Ongsa.

🌞SUN_SUN : I know that.

🌍: Why did you ask, then?

There it is. Ongsa is such an online gangster. She doesn't dare to mess with Sun like this in person.

🌞SUN_SUN : I mean your first name.

🌍: Oh…Nannapat.

🌞SUN_SUN : Birthdate?

🌍: 31-07.

🌞SUN_SUN : Blood type?

🌍: AB.

🌞SUN_SUN : Favorite color?

🌍: White.

🌞SUN_SUN : Favorite food?

🌍: Fried chicken.

🌞SUN_SUN : Bonchon?

🌍: No.

🌞SUN_SUN : KFC?

🌍: I prefer typical fried chicken. Like, Hat Yai-styled fried chicken.

🌞SUN_SUN :I see.

🌞SUN_SUN : Are you a fan of any artists?

🌍: Yes.

🌞SUN_SUN : Who's your favorite?

🌍: It used to be Tiffany.

🌞SUN_SUN : What about now?

🌍: Soo.. many.

🌍: Hahahahahahahaha.

They continue talking until the food is served. It looks like two girls with their eyes glued to the phone screens. Passersby might think Ongsa and Sun are catching Pokémon.

Ongsa can barely believe the current situation is real. Talking to Sun in person without pretending to be someone else is beyond a dream. Even though Sun is uncertain, Ongsa is unfazed because she never expects Sun to reciprocate her feelings. This is good enough…

Ongsa simply wishes for 'a chance' to do anything for Sun to make them 'feel' equally. She wants a chance as a person regardless of her gender. Even if Sun doesn't feel the same at the end, they can say goodbye with no unanswered questions. It will be clear that…

'We can't love each other because we're not meant for each other.'.. Not…

'We can't love each other because we're both girls.'

“Will you really not tell us whom you're dating?”

“I'm not dating anyone. We're just talking.”

Sun quickly denies.

“No way. You look in love more than when you talked to that Earth boy.”

Vee adds.

“Right. Sun looks like she's walking in a lavender field when texting.”

Deer points out.

“Do you actually know this person, the one you're talking to this time?”

Kongkwan doesn't want to ruin the mood, but she warns her friend out of sincere worry. Sun was miserable about Earth. She doesn't want to see her friend in that state again.

“I do. I know who this person is. I met them.”

Sun answers.

“You already went on a date. Kyaaaaa!! I'm jealous.”

Deer seems to be out of her mind.

“Yeah. I'm so jealous of this in-love girl. You must have tons of

encouragement to study. You don't need to get straight A’s, okay? Save our faces, will you?” Vee teases.

“Who's in love? You keep teasing me. I'm not talking to you anymore.”

“Oh…Where are you going?”

Kongkwan asks when Sun packs her stuff.

“The student council room. We have a meeting on the last period to discuss

the commencement ceremony.” Sun replies.

“Oh…see you at the booth after class like usual.”

Kongkwan reminds her. Sun nods, grabs her bag, and heads to the student council room. The final exam this season is around the corner. Before that, there's another big event this semester. It's the commencement ceremony, the first task officially assigned to the new student council, so Sun and the other members are under quite a lot of pressure. After the long meeting of dividing responsibilities, they all go home to complete their duty in a rush to prepare everything before the due date.

“Why do I have to do this?”

Ongsa asks, staring at the objects in her hands.

“You're helping your friend. Do you know about friendship? Quit

complaining and go on.” Tinh says.

“Are you two seriously going to leave me here alone?”

Ongsa asks again.

“Do you want to help us see wood, nail the planks, paint, tie clothes, wire the

hall, attach…”

“Stop it!! Okay. I got it. I'll cut pieces of paper over here.”

Ongsa cuts in the list of Charoen's duties. Everything her friend has mentioned is something a lousy girl like her can't handle. That explains why Tinh ordered her to cut pieces of paper in the room. The student council is shouldered with hard work. They're not alone in this, though, because their friends are indeed affected. Since Tinh is a member of the council, his true friends, Charoen and Ongsa, can't escape from this hell. As they're pressed for time, every single soul has been called to assist them, even a lousy person like Ongsa is included.

“Keep doing that. Cut all of that pile and the other two. Finish it before I'm

back.” Tinh commands.

“I have to do all of this alone?”

“Yeah. The others are working on the cutout. Just do it and stop complaining.

We're off.” Ongsa watches her friends exit the room and focuses on her task compliantly.

What can she do? Her friends' jobs are hers as well. They've been friends for a long time, and they're all they have. If they don't help each other, who will?

“Oh, Ongsa.”

Ongsa turns to the voice calling her name.

“Sun.”

She stands by the door, equally shocked to see Sun here.

“Why are you here alone?”

“Tinh and Charoen left to help the others with the cutout.”

“What about you?”

“I suck. My friends were afraid I'd be crushed by the cutout, so they made me

cut these pieces of paper here. Are you not helping them?”

“I'll put away my bag and go help them.”

Sun places her bag on a table and sits next to Ongsa on the floor.

“You look tired.”

Ongsa turns her head to ask with scissors in her hand.

“I'm sleep-deprived, busy with loads of work lately. I also had a physics test

earlier. I'd studied until morning.”

“Get some rest. You get sick easily and take a long time to recover. It's

almost the final exam season.”

“Yeah…I'm trying, but there's so much work. I'm sleepy.”

With that, Sun leans her head on Ongsa's shoulder to prove how sleepy she is. It takes the breath of a lousy girl away for a moment.

“Ouch!!”

Ongsa's shouts startles Sun. She turns her head and finds Ongsa holding her hand with the scissors dropping by her side, letting Sun know what happened.

“You cut yourself?”

“Yeah.”

“You're really clumsy. That's why your friends don't let you help them. Let me

take a look.”

“It's okay. Just a small cut.”

“Let me take a look.”

“Okay.”

“It's not small, Ongsa. Come on. I'll treat it.”

“It's okay. It'll heal on its own.”

“No way. What if it's infected? You'll have to cut your arm.”

“If the bacteria enters the bloodstream and gets carried to your brain, you'll

be in a coma. What will you do if that happens?”

“I'll sleep until you kiss me awake?”

“You're crazy!!”

Sun started messing with Ongsa first, yet she got insanely shy when she got counterattacked.

“Stay here. I'll go get the first-aid kit, okay?”

As mentioned before, Sun has gotten fiercer since their encounter to the point that it scares Ongsa. She has no idea if Sun has become like this after they met or has always been this way without her knowledge. Either way, Ongsa can't say no to Sun. Sun walks over to fetch the first-aid kit on the shelf in this student council room and comes back to Ongsa.

“Will you apply alcohol?”

Ongsa asks, nervous.

“Of course.”

“It stings.”

“Right.”

Sun says, soaking a cotton ball with alcohol.

“Can we skip it?”

“I'll be gentle. Give me your hand.”

Ongsa holds out her hand to Sun reluctantly and turns her head away. Alcohol is known best for how much it burns. If she can't bear the pain and yelps, she'll be so embarrassed that she wants to run away.

“Done.”

“Eh…?”

Ongsa mumbles. Is it over? She didn't feel anything.

“I told you I'd be gentle. Let's put on a bandage.”

Sun reaches for a bandage in the first-aid kit when she remembers something.

She walks to her school bag with Ongsa's confused gaze trailing behind. Sun returns with something in her hand. A bandage…

“I'll put it on for you.”

“This pattern?”

“Yeah…Your hand.”

Ongsa holds out her hand as told, wondering if she really has to walk around with the Elsa bandage on her finger.

“Done. How cute. Wait a minute. I'll take a photo.”

Sun takes her phone and turns on the camera. The bandage owner carefully adjusts the angle to photograph the bandage on Ongsa's finger. The sight brings a smile to her face.

“Done.”

Sun flicks her eyes up after feeling satisfied with the photo. Her eyes meet Ongsa, who is already looking at her. It's the minute they both get shy, then Sun starts speaking.

“Well…I'll go help the others downstairs.”

“Y…Yeah.”

“Bye.”

“W…Wait, Sun.”

“?”

“Well…My class has a physics test tomorrow.”

“So?”

“I mean, I suck at physics. And…”

“And?”

“Can I call you tonight? I mean, can you tutor me? I don't want to fail the

test.” Pheeeeew, she said it.

“...Yeah…Sure. I'll help you.”

Since she can't fix her lousiness… She might as well make use of it.

“How stupid are you to hurt yourself while cutting pieces of paper?”

“Why don't you meditate with my grandpa? It might help you focus better.”

“I don't think it's her ability to focus. It's her brain.”

“Eat a lot of fish, then. Stop eating fried chicken and crispy pork. It won't

enlarge your boobs any more than this. Trust me.”

“Wanna get kicked in the butt, both of you?”

Tinh and Charoen are the only people knowing Ongsa and Sun are talking in this school. After getting squeezed for a long while, Ongsa submissively revealed everything to her best friends. From their encounter at the café to the agreement to try talking for now. The question Ongsa still couldn't answer was, 'How did Sun discover you were Earth?' She had no clue herself. When Ongsa asked Sun, she replied with a cheeky face that…'It's a secret.'

“Oh, Charoen, will you join the volunteer camp this school break? Ongsa and

I are going. Do you have to make a pilgrimage?”

“Huh…? What camp? When did I say I'd go?”

Ongsa asks in confusion.

“The one the student council organizes every school break. I'm a member, so

I have to go. Sun is also a member. Won't you go?

“Yeah…I'll go.”

“That's right. What about you, Charoen? Can you go?”

“I doubt I'll have other plans. I guess I can go.”

“All right, then. Ask your family again at home. Text me when it's confirmed.

I'll register your name.” The conversation leads Tinh, Charoen and Ongsa to wait for the bus to Saraburi today.

“I'll leave Ongsa to you, Tinh.”

“No worries, ma'am. On my manly honor, I swear I'll take good care of her.”

“I'm leaving, then. Have fun, kids.”

“Goodbye, ma'am.”

After Ongsa's mother drives off, Tinh's facade crumbles down.

“Ongsa!! Why didn't you tell me your mom would come, you piece of shit?!!

Good thing I'm not wearing full makeup. We would've been fucking doomed otherwise. Instead of the camp, we would've been put in coffins and listened to Charoen's grandpa chanting.”

“My dad said he would drive me here at first, but my mom somehow did it.

Sorry.”

“I almost had a heart attack when I spotted your mom. I almost didn't put on a

manly act in time.” As mentioned before, Ongsa's mother is homophobic to the point Tinh has to act manly every time they meet. Ongsa's mother once saw Tinh screaming with a group of girls and she looked at him as if she was looking at a worm.

She told Ongsa not to mingle with Tinh. Fortunately, Ongsa quickly came up with an excuse that Tinh was rehearsing a drama for a subject. That's why Tinh is still her friend these days, though he needs to try to avoid meeting Ongsa's mother and act manly when necessary. Luckily enough, Ongsa's father always backs them up and makes excuses for them, so it's not too difficult to handle. Ongsa thinks her decision to join the camp this time is a mistake…

“Sun, let me help you carry this.”

“Sun, get some rest. I'll do this for you.”

“Sun, come take a look. I'm not sure how to do this.”

“Your cuteness attacked my heart pretty bad. You have to dress my wound.

Yada, yada, yada.” That's it. That's the reason Ongsa is dying to go home. Many seemingly participated in this camp for the same reason as her. Sun… It's actually not different from the last time. Sun is a good-looking person, surrounded by tons of people. But since Ongsa's feelings have developed deeper than back then, witnessing her crush getting hit on without being able to do anything is pure torture. Ongsa has no right to kick up a fuss and can only feel hurt inside by herself. Ongsa wishes she could scream at everyone at the camp to stay away from Sun, but she can't do that. She can talk to her. She can miss her. She can be worried about her.. She can like her. She can love her. But she can't be possessive. She can't be jealous. She has no right to do that. The person Sun is secretly talking to like Ongsa… is wrong to even think of being jealous…

---Chapter : 10

A NORMAL PERSON

…Annoyed…

That seems to be the perfect word to describe how Sun feels at the moment.

The camp this time is full of frustrating things for her. Running the camp is rather chaotic because the new student council is in charge, not the seniors like last time. Therefore, the responsibility is indeed more challenging. Not to mention how annoying it is to be hit on by these persistent boys acting like playboys. This is actually a common situation, not dissimilar from the previous camp or when she's at school. The difference is there's someone she cares about. Sun cares about Ongsa's feelings and doesn't want her to misunderstand. However, despite how worried she is, that punk acts unbothered and ignores her. Ongsa gives no reaction when those boys flirt with her. She acts like she doesn't know her here and even avoids her. Sun is itching to shout, asking if Ongsa is really into her!!

At the camp, after all activities are over each day, everyone will separate to sleep. That excludes the camp staff because, before going to bed every night, they need to catch up and conclude the results of the activities each day and prepare for the next ones for tomorrow. This is the third night, the second last night of the five-day, four-night camp. The meeting tonight is rather uninteresting since the content isn't different from the first two nights.

Besides, the team is exhausted from the three days of hard work. Many want to rest more than listen to the head of the camp in the meeting.

🌞SUN SUN: I'm bored.

🌞SUN SUN: Talk to me.

🌍: About what?

🌍: Aren't you in a meeting?

🌍: Focus on the meeting. Stop using your phone.

🌍: Your friends will scold you.

This girl is more boring than the head of the camp!!... Ongsa ignored her outside earlier. And now in the chat box. Sun is about to be upset. Has she no idea at all?

The daily activity meeting is finally over. The camp staff are happy to get some rest. Since the activities today were rough, many are knackered and need sleep. The same goes for Sun. She's planned to rest after the meeting because it's her duty to wake up the campers tomorrow. It means she has to be up earlier than anyone. Sun would've gotten to rest as she wished had she not found someone standing in front of the meeting room.

“Ongsa…”

Sun says softly, but her heart drums. Since they arrived at the camp, they have neither seen each other often due to the different duties nor talked much because Sun was busy. Sun's heart pounds really hard now that she's found Ongsa waiting for her to finish the meeting. Sun always loses to Ongsa's attentiveness.

“What are you doing here? Why don't you go to bed?”

Sun asks to hide her shyness.

“I…ah…I was waiting…”

“For whom?”

“I was waiting for Tinh.”

They say girls are radical creatures with the ability to switch moods in the blink of an eye. Sun has just proved that it's true. Her shyness turns into feeling upset at the words, 'I was waiting for Tinh.'

“Okay. I'm leaving, then.”

Why would she stay when Ongsa wasn't waiting for her? Why would she stay to upset herself? Ongsa, you punk! Unbelievable!!

“Why didn't you tell her you were waiting for her? What did you lie for?”

The voice of her best friend makes Ongsa divert her gaze from Sun's back as she returns to her shelter.

“No…I was waiting for you.”

“Reeeally? Were you waiting for me? Why the fuck would you do that? The

houses for girls and boys are on opposite sides. Who would be stupid enough to believe you besides Sun? If you were worried and came here to wait for her, why didn't you say it? Do you think you're the second guy in a series? If you continue to be this idiotic, someone will snatch your girl. You saw those hyenas in this camp. Step up your game. Quit being silly.” Sun doesn't understand what is wrong with Ongsa, but she doesn't understand herself more. Why did she act so frustrated like that with Ongsa?

SunSmile @Sun_Sun1A • 10s Do you know anything at all? Damn you!!

Sun vents on Twitter with neutral words with no specification, but it's enough to imply that it's someone special. She hopes that person knows she's talking about her.

Now that Sun is on Twitter, she realizes it's been a while since she checked Ongsa's account. It reminds her of when Ongsa asked how she discovered she was Earth. Sun didn't explain how back then just to mess with Ongsa. She then learned it was Ongsa's anonymous account to complain about things and decided to keep it a secret to snoop on her when she acted strange, just like now…

asgno @_asgno_ • 5h FK!! I'm so jealous I'm going crazy!!

asgno @_asgno_ • 8h And I can't even say a word. You have no right. Keep that in mind.

asgno @_asgno_ • 8h Can I do anything else besides being jealous?

asgno @_asgno_ • 1d She can help with other tasks the way a lousy person like me can never.

asgno @_asgno_ • 2d Do they have to flock around her like that?

asgno @_asgno_ • 2d Everyone seems to like you. So do I.

asgno @_asgno_ • 3d Is it a mistake to come here…?

All the bitter words Sun has hoped to hear are all here. Ongsa vent all out on Twitter but acted unbothered when she saw her. She's the worst.

🌍: Sun.

🌍: Did I upset you?

As if Ongsa knew Sun was badmouthing her (in her mind), she texted her right when being thought of.

🌞SUN SUN: What did you do to upset me?

Sun replies like that to see how Ongsa will respond.

🌍: I don't know.

🌍: I just feel that you're upset.

🌍: If I upset you by any chance, I'm sorry.

🌞SUN SUN: You don't even know what you did.

🌞SUN SUN: Can you not give me an empty apology?

🌍: I'm not apologizing for doing anything wrong or not.

🌍: I'm apologizing for making you feel terrible.

🌍: No matter what it is, I'm sorry, Sun.

🌞SUN SUN: I'm not mad at you.

🌞SUN SUN: But I do feel terrible.

🌞SUN SUN: You can say I'm being unreasonable.

🌞SUN SUN: But I think you've been avoiding me.

🌍: Yes, I have. I admit it.

🌍: I'm sorry.

🌞SUN SUN: Why? Don't you want to talk to me anymore?

🌞SUN SUN: You can tell me honestly.

🌍: It's nothing. I just don't want others to be suspicious of us.

🌞SUN SUN: Are you ashamed of telling others we're talking?

Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr..

Sun's phone buzzes and rings from the call. From Ongsa.

[Sun.] Ongsa speaks as soon as Sun picks up, not giving her a chance to say hello.

“Yeah…What is it?”

[Can you come out?]

“Now?”

[Yeah.]

“We can talk on the phone, Ongsa.”

[No. I don't want to. I want to talk to you in person. I'll wait in the hall.]

“Okay…I'll be there.”

Since the uneasy voice says more than those emotionless letters, Sun's frustration, similar to when she's on her period, subsides to an extent. And so, Sun meets up with Ongsa as asked.

“Ongsa.”

In the hall used for activities, Sun finds Ongsa already waiting for her.

“Sun.”

Ongsa marches toward Sun the moment she notices her.

“It's not that I want to hide that we're talking. I just think it's not time to tell

others yet. We're not dating. It'll be awful if they make assumptions about us.

I don't want you to feel uncomfortable being stared at when you're with me, but it doesn't mean I'll keep it a secret forever. I just want it to be the right time. Do you understand me? Please don't be upset. I'm sorry for not explaining it to you. I avoided you because so many boys were hitting on you.

I didn't like it, so I didn't want to stay near you. I didn't want to watch others flirt with you. I'm…jealous…” Ongsa gushes so fast it's hard to catch up, hoping Sun doesn't misunderstand.

As Ongsa pours every bit of her heart out without holding back, she fails to stop herself, and the last words slip out softly.

“Let's go to the field.”

“Huh?”

No answer to the question written on Ongsa's face. Before she knows it, Sun pulls her to the large field used for outdoor activities.

“Why are we here?”

“I want to look at the stars. Keep me company.”

“Won't you go to bed? You need to wake up early tomorrow.”

“I want to sleep…but I want to be with you more.”

“If you don't want them to find out, don't let them see us. I'm also not ready to

tell anyone, but I don't like it when you avoid me.”

“I'm sorry.”

“Enough with that. You've apologized to me dozens of times.”

“I always annoy you…”

“Who says I'm annoyed, hmm?”

Wow, the 'hmm' makes Ongsa's head feel light. Sun doesn't need to put on such a cute face, too.

“The stars are beautiful tonight. We can't see this many in Bangkok for sure.”

Ongsa gazes up at the sky as Sun urges. The stars are indeed beautiful tonight.

“Oh!! That one moved.”

“Where? That's an airplane, Ongsa.”

“Oh, yeah?”

She humiliates herself again.

“Do you like stars, Ongsa?”

“Ah…I do…But I like the sun more.”

Ongsa's answer stuns Sun for five seconds. She pulls herself together and teases Ongsa to hide her shyness.

“Flirty.”

“I was just saying that. Who would like the sun? It's scalding hot.”

“Damn you.”

“Ouuuch, it hurts, Sun. Don't hit me…”

“You always ruin the mood, Ongsa.”

“I was kidding. Whether I like stars, the sun, or the moon, it doesn't matter as

much as I like you.” Is she confessing her feelings like that…?

“I'm tired.”

Sun mumbles and leans her head on Ongsa's shoulder so she can't see her blushing.

“Is the world tilting?”

“Yeah…Haven't you heard the saying, 'The world is tilting so cling to the

person beside you…'?” Sun blushes at her own words.

“Nonsense. Doesn't it go, 'The world is big, so stick to the person beside

you?” Ongsa is the master of ruining the mood.

“Can you not argue with me for once?”

“...”

“No matter how the world is…”

“...”

“...Those who warm your heart are all important.”

At this camp, it's a tradition for the camp staff to perform on the last night to express gratitude to the campers. It's to give them happiness for dedicating their energy to four days of hard work.

“I bet you've been waiting for the next performance. Let's give a round of

applause to Sun, the pretty girl of our camp.” Says Pai (who is officially resigned from the student council but remains as the host of the camp), and everyone claps along, showing interest in the performance. Sun and Vee walk up with a guitar.

“You brought your own guitarist this time?”

Pai teases.

“Yes. I meant to bring her last time, but she was busy.”

“What are you performing today?”

“I'll sing like before. It's the only thing I can do.”

Sun answers with a shy smile, and that adorable smile stuns many. Sun signals to Vee. A minute later, the guitar starts making sounds along with Sun's clear voice.

“♪ ♫… A normal person that's not normal

I've been looking for one but found none Just someone who makes my heart flutter Those I've met ain't the one. My one is nowhere to be seen A normal person that's not normal Fate finally brought me to you You're the only one that doesn't need to be perfect But when I'm close to you, I feel heaven in my heart The search is over. I've finally found the one My life from now on will be great with only you I want you to be the last person I see before going to bed I also want you to be the first I see the next morning Spending mornings with you. Spending nights with only you I want to stick to you, not going anywhere No matter what I do, I want to do it with you I want to spend every breath and second with you It's worth the wait It was pretty exhausting waiting for a long time But the second we met I knew right away it was worth it The search is over. I've finally found the one My life from now on will be great with only you I want you to be the last person I see before going to bed I also want you to be the first I see the next morning Spending mornings with you. Spending nights with only you I want to stick to you, not going anywhere No matter what I do, I want to do it with you I want to spend every breath and second with you I want you to be the last person I see before going to bed I also want you to be the first I see the next morning Spending mornings with you. Spending nights with only you I want to stick to you, not going anywhere No matter what I do, I want to do it with you I want to spend every breath and second with you… ♪ ♫” Song: ไม่ธรรมดา / Mai Tummadah (Uncommon) by Bell Supol (เบล สพุ ล)

“Grab your friend's leg, Charoen. I think she'll float.”

Tinh isn't exaggerating. If your crush sings such a meaningful song and meets your eyes every three seconds the way Sun is doing to Ongsa, you'll fall into a trance to the point you'll float into the air.

“You sang so well. I wonder if you sang it for someone in particular.”

Pai hosts diligently.

“I sang for everyone here.”

Sun replies with a bright smile. Her answer deflates someone's heart like a needle poking. Sun seems to notice it because the pretty girl of the camp resumes a minute later.

“Also…I sang for this normal person in particular.”

“What should I do?”

“I'm sorry. I didn't know my dad would pick me up at the camp.”

“Hey, it's not your fault and no big deal at all. No need to apologize.”

“What are you talking about?”

Sun cuts in on her best friends' conversation. They're waiting with their luggage, ready to go home, but they look troubled.

“What's wrong?”

Sun asks again.

“My dad is picking me up at the camp, saying we'll drop by my aunt's place

in the near district.” Vee explains.

“So what?”

Sun still wonders what is so stressful about Vee's father picking her up.

“I sat with Deer on our way here. I don't want her to be alone on her way

back.”

“It's about this? I can sit with Deer.”

Sun offers.

“Oh, what about me?”

Kongkwan protests. She sat with Sun on their way here. If Sun sits with Deer, Kongkwan will be left alone.

“Oh, right. Deer and Kongkwan can sit together. I'll sit alone.”

Sun suggests, knowing her three friends aren't familiar with this kind of camp. It took her ages to persuade all of them to participate. As an active student, Sun enjoys sitting alone on the bus since it's more convenient to move or change positions than getting squeezed by a friend next to her. On the contrary, those who rarely camp out might feel lonely sitting alone.

“I don't want you to be left alone, Sun.”

Deer says.

“It's okay. I'll be fine.”

“No, you won't be. Those flirtatious guys will take this chance so sit with

you.” Kongkwan says.

“All three of us can squeeze together.”

Sun suggests.

“Sun, Yu is looking for the first-aid kid. Oh, what's wrong? You all look

stressed.” Says Tinh, who was searching for Sun as requested by the senior, when he notices Sun's friends' expressions.

“My friend's dad is picking her up to go somewhere else after this. We're

trying to figure out our seats since three of us will be left here. We don't want to leave anyone alone, so they'll squeeze together in one.”

“Why would you do that? The seat is tiny with barely enough room for one

person. Hey, let your friends sit together and you'll join my group at the long backseat, Sun. It's only us three. There's even room to somersault.”

“Are you sure? I don't want to bother you and your friends. I feel bad.”

“Why would you? No need to feel bad for me. Charoen always falls asleep

right after getting on the bus. Don't worry about her. Is it Ongsa you don't want to bother?” Tinh shoots a knowing glance at Sun, so she quickly replies.

“Okay, okay. I'll sit with you.”

Sun immediately says, afraid her friends will be suspicious. Deer and Kongkwan agree to sit together now that Sun doesn't have to be alone.

Actually, the bus that will take the students back to school is oddly emptier, totally different from their trip here. The reason is the vice principal traveled here to preside over the wrap-up ceremony, and several teachers returned to school with the vice principal in his van. As a result, the agreement to bring Sun to join the long backseat with the three friends is canceled. Seeing many empty seats, Tinh and Charoen exchange glances and tell Ongsa to sit somewhere else. If you think Charoen and Tinh plan to bring Ongsa and Sun together… You are… Wrong!!

“There are many empty seats. Why would we cram here?”

“Me, you, Charoen and Sun. Four people. The backseat is long enough for all

of us.” Ongsa argues.

“Yes, it is, but I'm going to lie down. Stop talking and move your butt, or I'll

expose you.” What a loving answer from her friend.

“Oh, why are you sitting here?”

Asks Sun, one of the last groups getting on the bus, when she spots Ongsa sitting alone grumpily as if someone farted at her face.

“Those two messed with me.”

“Those two? Charoen and Tinh?”

“Yeah. They shooed me here to sit with you so they could lie down.”

“You don't want to sit with me? I'll go somewhere else.”

“Hey!! I do. Ah!! No. I mean, it's not that I don't want to sit with you. I'm just

annoyed that those two got to lie down.”

“Everyone is here, right? Let's take off, sir.”

Pai says from the front. Ongsa quickly makes space for Sun. The bus accelerates faster to take all students to school on time.

“Ongsa, don't you want to sleep?”

Sun asks after getting seated.

“No.”

“If you're sleepy, you can act like the world tilts toward me.”

Who will be able to sleep if Sun is being unnecessarily cute?

“I'm really not sleepy.”

“How is it, your first camp?”

Sun initiates a conversation.

“It's not my first time. I joined the camp last semester.”

“Really?!! Why did I not see you?”

Sun's reply reminds Ongsa of her failures at the previous camp.

“You weren't interested in me back then.”

“I am, now…Hey, let's listen to music.”

Sun says the last sentence seemingly to hide her shyness from speaking the first one. Sun takes out her phone, connects it with her earphones, goes to a music application, and holds out one earphone to Ongsa. Listening to the shared earphones sounds romantic like a scene in a series. Unfortunately, Sun only plays Korean songs that make her want to do cover dances instead of feeling touched.

The bus drives off steadily. The chatting noises start to fade. Each student minds their own business while many are 'asleep.' One of them is the girl beside Ongsa. At first, Sun hummed along with the song as Ongsa gazed out the window, unable to meet Sun's eyes. Her heart fluttered enough just by sitting together. Ongsa was scared she would act silly unintentionally. But a while later, Sun's head started bobbing.

“Take a nap if you're sleepy.”

Already half-asleep, Sun nodded at Ongsa's words and leaned on her shoulder. Hearing the steady breathing. Ongsa wonders if Sun is in a deep sleep. She turns her head to check and finds out her face is close to Sun's hair.

“Smells nice.”

The bus stops abruptly. Sun almost lunges forward, but Ongsa catches her in time.

“Sir! You broke my back!!”

Ongsa turns toward the shout from the back and sees both her friends struggle to get up from the floor. They probably fell down from the brake. Ongsa knows it's not nice, but that serves them right. Haha. A lot of students grumble besides Tinh, even though the driver explains he braked the bus because a cow crossed the road in front of it.

“What happened, Ongsa?”

Sun asks drowsily after waking up. She's not hurt, thanks to Ongsa.

“The driver breaked abruptly, so some of us complained. It's okay now. Get

some more sleep. And…why don't you lay your head on my lap so you won't hit the front seat when the bus stops.”

“Okay.”

Sun complies out of drowsiness. Finally, the bus has taken the students back to school safely.

“Sun…Sun…Sun, wake up. We're here.”

Ongsa tries to wake up the little girl on her lap.

“Are we at school now?”

Sun is awake, stretching to refresh herself.

“I took a long nap, didn't I?”

“Yeah.”

“How embarrassing.”

“Too late, Miss.”

“Hehe.”

“Ongsa, Sun.”

Tinh calls from behind.

“Come on. Let's go. Oh…get up, Ongsa.”

Charoen says since Ongsa stays seated. She thought Ongsa was waiting for her and Tinh. They're already here, and Sun has stood up with her luggage ready. What is Ongsa waiting for?

“Go first. I'll catch up with you.”

Ongsa says.

“Huh? Let's go together.”

“It's okay. You go first.”

Ongsa insists.

“What's wrong?” 一

Tinh wonders.

“Ah…Well…It's leg cramps. I can't move.”

Upon the confession, Ongsa's two best friends meet eyes and jump on her legs simultaneously.

“AHHH!! LET GO OF ME!!”

---Chapter : 11
I HATE YOUR EX

Beginning a semester with complaints and getting bored during school break is common for middle schoolers. 'Ongsa' is one of those who feel that way.

This time, however, Ongsa isn't bored during this school break because she has too much free time. On the contrary, she's bored because she has no free time at all. After the volunteer camp, a lousy human like Ongsa spends days at cram school. She studies…

…and studies…

…and studies…

…and studies some more.

Ongsa studies from Monday to Saturday and rests on Sunday to restore her strength for the Monday classes. This study pattern is more boring than going to school. At School, she can meet, talk, and hang out with her friends, but she's totally alone at cram school. Here's the thing, the religious Charoen has gone on a pilgrimage in the woods immediately after the exam and replied to her texts only once in a while. She never goes to cram school for any subjects. Meanwhile, Tinh studies everything with his personal tutor at home, so there's no way he can hang out with Ongsa. Regardless, it's all completely unrelated to why Ongsa is bored during the school break.

Well…she's in love, but she's separated from her crush because of this break.

Who wouldn't be bummed? It's not that they've lost contact with each other.

They still text every day and video-call at times, but it can't be compared to being together in person. Ongsa still misses Sun. It all leads to her…

'Skipping her classes.' The last time Ongsa did it was when she went to see

Sun at the café, the day she got caught that she was Earth. She never skipped classes again after that. This time…is risky, but she's willing to try her luck.

If they don't meet up at all, Ongsa believes she'll go crazy from missing Sun.

“Ongsa.”

“...”

“Did you wait long? I'm sorry for being late.”

“...”

“Ongsa…are you okay?”

“...I am.”

It takes Ongsa a while to find her voice. Sun wears makeup today. It's not excessive, just light makeup, the way teenagers prefer. The light makeup in her is super cute, though.

“Are you hungry, Ongsa?”

“A little.”

“Let's eat first before buying the tickets, then.”

“Okay.”

At first, Ongsa thought Sun would take her to a restaurant in the mall, but Sun surprised her by dragging her outside.

“What do you want to eat, Sun?”

“You'll know once we're there. Follow me.”

Sun seems secretive, enjoying Ongsa's curious expression.

“This place.”

“Hia-Tong's red pork, crispy pork, and chicken rice.”

Ongsa reads the sign.

“Let's get inside.”

Ongsa and Sun eventually get seated in Hia-Tong's restaurant, which looks decent, considering how customers constantly come in. They order crispy pork with rice for this meal.

“How is it? Good?”

Sun asks with such a hopeful face when Ongsa takes the first bite as if she's the one making the dish.

“So good.”

Ongsa says sincerely. In all her seventeen years of eating crispy pork, none has ever been as delicious as this one.

“I remember you saying you love crispy pork. That's why I brought you here.

My mom took me here often when I was in middle school.”

“Um, um.”

Ongsa nods, still chewing. It's really yummy.

“You seem to like crispy pork so much.”

“Yeah, I do.”

“Well…do you like it more than me?”

“Ah…”

The question stuns Ongsa.

“Your face says you like crispy pork more.”

“No. It's not like that.”

“Hmph…Just eat, you punk.”

“Oh…”

Ongsa is dumbfounded. Did Sun get upset just like that?

“Hurry up. The movie is starting soon.”

“Okay.”

“Eat your crispy pork. Stuff your face if you like it so much.”

Sun says and transfers half of her crispy pork to Ongsa's plate before eating hers without another word. Ongsa sits there in confusion, wondering what she did wrong. Sun puts on a sulky face at Ongsa in the restaurant, when they purchase the tickets, and when they're in the cinema. Ongsa genuinely doesn't understand what she did wrong. Is she wrong for liking crispy pork?

“Sun.”

Ongsa whispers in the dark.

“What?”

The movie trailers are playing before them, and Sun seems so engrossed in it.

“Are you upset with me?”

“No.”

As if. She's visibly sulking yet she denies it… Ongsa thinks, but this is what she says.

“Why are you upset? Are you upset because I didn't tell you what I like

more.”

“...”

“You suddenly asked me that question. I was shocked, so I didn't answer.”

“Will you answer me now?”

She's really upset about this huh? Ongsa thinks before replying with a cheeky question.

“Answer you about what?”

“Do you want me to be upset again?”

Oh, she just said she wasn't upset.

“How can I choose? I like crispy pork, and I like being with you. I like eating

crispy pork with you the most.”

“If you had to choose one, would you choose me or crispy pork?”

“I'd choose you.”

Sun is finally satisfied with the answer because she turns to the screen after that to watch the trailers, and soon someone who has just stopped being upset leans her head on Ongsa's shoulder by gravity, the way she did when they looked at the stars at the camp.

“Is the world tilting again?”

Ongsa jokes despite her pounding heart.

“The world has nothing to do with this.”

“...”

“I just want to be close to you.”

School finally starts, as Ongsa has been waiting for. From now on, she will see Sun every day without having to do video-call. Yes!!! Come to think of it, this is hilarious. Last year, Ongsa was shocked to see Sun at the morning assembly. Ongsa didn't even have the courage to speak to her. Who would've thought their relationship would progress this far?

“Ongsa!”

“Oh, Charoen. You're early.”

“I was back from pilgrimaging before dawn and went straight to school.”

“You're lying, aren't you?”

“Yes, I am.”

Look at her playing a cheeky joke with such a deadpan face. She would've been lashed at had Tinh heard this.

“Ongsa, Charoennnn!”

He's here. Speak of the devil.

“Unbelievable. You're later than us this semester.”

Ongsa says. Since they became friends, Tinh has rarely arrived at school later than her and Charoen, especially not on the first day. Tinh usually almost helped the janitor unlock the gate.

“I had a meditation practice and just got back early in the morning. I

showered and went straight here.”

“Ah…”

After the start of school, Ongsa's life isn't different from usual. Even though she talks to Sun every day and occasionally meets up with her at school, their relationship is still kept between them, including Tinh and Charoen. Sun and Ongsa have feelings for each other, that's true, but it's unnecessary to announce it to everyone. At least…for now.

“I have a meeting with the student council this evening. It'll be over pretty

late.” Sun says. Ongsa and she are at the library, their current rendezvous, apparently. In a week, they always find time to see each other for an hour.

“Yeah…Tinh told me. Is it about Sports Day?”

“Yeah, that and general stuff. I'm exhausted, Ongsa.”

Sun leans her head on Ongsa's shoulder. It's become normal for her to do this when she gets clingy.

“Hang in there, Sun.”

Ongsa pats Sun's head in comfort. If anyone said she was crazy for Sun, she would admit it without arguing. Sun was already so cute before they talked.

Now that she's clinging to her this adorably, Ongsa is about to drop dead.

Ongsa has no cram school today since she's recently finished the course, but she hasn't told Sun. She will surprise her after the meeting. But who would've thought Ongsa would be surprised herself?

“Ongsa!”

“Ton…”

Ongsa gets super shocked as she's never expected to see this boy. She almost forgot he went here.

“Are you waiting for Tinh?”

“Ah…Yeah, I'm waiting for Tinh.”

“The student council will come out soon. The teacher asked to prolong the

meeting briefly.”

“I see.”

“We've hardly seen each other since we started high school, right?”

“Yeah…We're in different classes, study different majors, and in different

buildings.”

“You're right…How are you doing, Ongsa?”

“I'm good. You're asking like a stranger.”

“Right. We go to the same school and are in the same grade, yet we've

somehow become strangers.”

“Ton…”

“Are you still mad at me…about that?”

“Ongsa!!!”

She's saved by the bell from answering the awkward question.

“Hey, Tinh.”

“Hey what? We were in the meeting together earlier. What about you, Ongsa?

Don't you have cram school today?”

“No. That's why I was waiting here for the meeting to be over.”

Ongsa says vaguely. And, of course, Tinh knows whom Ongsa was actually waiting for.

“What about you, Ton? Who are you waiting for? Why aren't you leaving?”

“Ah…nothing. I noticed Ongsa and greeted her. It's been a while since we

spoke to each other.”

“Oh…Now you want to talk to her? You completely ignored her in the ninth

grade.”

“Tinh! Cut it out!”

Ongsa stops Tinh when he starts bringing up the past.

“Ongsa!”

Calls the angel Ongsa has been waiting for, though the angel shows up in an awkward situation.

“Aren't you going to cram school?”

Sun asks in surprise, seeing Ongsa still here. Ongsa and Tinh somehow look troubled. Are they fighting? Isn't that the head of the blue team? What is he doing here? Does he know Ongsa?

“I was waiting for you, Sun. I was going to ask you to have ice cream

together. There's a new place in front of our school.”

“Hmm…?”

Sun is confused. Why did Ongsa suddenly invite her to have ice cream?

“Will you join us?”

Ongsa asks Tinh.

“You two go. I have something to do with my family.”

During this conversation, someone is completely ignored.

“Ah…I'm leaving.”

The boy excuses himself, knowing he's not welcome here.

“Get some safely, Ton.”

Ongsa says out of courtesy. When Ton turns at the front of the building, Tinh takes his leave.

“I'm off, Ongsa. My dad will wait too long. Bye, Sun. Don't order ice cream

with too much sugar. This is sweet enough already.” He teases before leaving.

“Shall we go, Sun?”

“Did I agree to go?”

Sun replies with a stern face that disheartens Ongsa. Is Sun mad about Ton?

“Are you not going…?”

Ongsa asks sheepishly.

“I'm going.”

The cheerful voice and smile make Ongsa realize Sun is messing with her again. Luckily, it's pretty late in the evening. The school isn't full of students anymore. Otherwise, many would've been puzzled by the sight and wondered when the pretty girl of the generation and a timid person like Ongsa grew this close.

“We'll work on it at Sun's house. As for the stuff we need, we'll look for it

together this evening.” Vee sums up after their group discussed the social studies project for a while.

“Okay, deal…Wait, isn't the head of the blue team you're smitten with,

Deer?” Kongkwan points at the said person. Sun turns around and frowns at the sight in puzzlement. Why is Ongsa with that boy?

“Is that his girlfriend, Deer? I think you're heartbroken.”

Vee asks her. The gang has known since the tenth grade that Deer likes the head of the blue team, but she simply adores his handsomeness, so Sun never really cares. Even though Sun was surprised to see him with Ongsa and her friend, nothing came of it later. She almost forgot it until she spotted them together again. How close are they that Ongsa is willing to talk to him alone?

“It's not his girlfriend.”

Deer replies to Vee, mirroring the answer in Sun's mind. How can Ongsa be that boy's girlfriend when Ongsa is her person?

“They broke up in the ninth grade. I doubt they'll make up.”

Sun's heart goes numb upon Deer's explanation. They broke up? Making up…? Does that mean the boy is Ongsa's ex-boyfriend? Sun doesn't want to be unreasonable, but she can't shake it out of her head. Although Ongsa is still the same to her, Sun can't be at ease knowing Ongsa's super good- looking ex keeps approaching her, especially when Ongsa and Sun are nothing more than two people talking to each other. If Ongsa chooses someone else, Sun has no right to protest.

Seemingly driven by her paranoia, Sun visits Ongsa in the evening before going to cram school. Ongsa has carpentry in the last period, so Sun walks to the carpentry house. As she's been worried, the boy is there.

“Ongsa!”

Sun has no idea why she shouts so loud. She just wants Ongsa's attention.

“Sun.”

Maybe it's all in Sun's head, but Ongsa seems shocked to see her here. More importantly, Ongsa doesn't come to her. Sun has to walk over there instead.

“Sun, what's the matter? Why did you come here?”

Ongsa asks. The question awfully annoy Sun. Why? Can't she be here? That boy is allowed to be here.

“Can't I just come here to see you?”

Sun replies in frustration since that boy stands so close to Ongsa that they nearly become one.

“Of course, you can. Why not? But Tinh isn't done yet. He's still inside.”

What the hell? Doesn't Ongsa know whom Sun came here for? Is she acting clueless because the boy is next to her?

“Who is this, Ongsa?”

There's a limit to one's patience. For an impatient person like Sun, it's not surprise she's asking the straightforward question. It's not that she doesn't know this boy, but she wishes to learn…who he is to Ongsa right now.

“Ah…This is Ton, my classmate in middle school. Ton this is Sun.”

“I know her. We've met often in the meetings with the student council, but

we've never talked to each other. Nice to meet you, Sun.”

“Yeah…Nice to meet you.”

Not quite, actually.

“Ton!! What the hell are you doing here again?”

Tinh shouts from a distance.

“I'm here to see Ongsa.”

“Why the hell do you keep coming to her? Don't you have shit to do, like

homework or the team preparation?”

“I'm asking Ongsa to join the parade of my team.”

“She can't do that.”

Sun interrupts the conversation, making all three of them stare at her.

“The student council has a task for her. Sorry.”

She has a task out of nowhere. Ongsa's class is the blue team. If Sun doesn't bring her to the student council, the head of the blue team will definitely offer some position to Ongsa.

“Right! I'm a member of the council. My friend will work with us. Find

someone else, Ton.”

“Okay…It's fine. I'm leaving, Ongsa. Don't forget what we talked about. Bye

Sun.” To be honest, Sun seriously hates this boy's warm smile.

“So, what did you come here to see me for, Sun?”

Ongsa asks.

“I didn't come for you. I'm here to see Tinh!!”

Now Ongsa knows Sun is here for her? She said Sun came here for Tinh earlier in front of that boy. She's the worst.

“Why do you need to see me.”

Tinh wonders. Sun quickly makes up an excuse.

“Well…We have a meeting with Mr. Vichit tomorrow after class.”

“Oh…I read that in the group chat. Thanks a lot for reminding me.”

Tinh replies in confusion, the same as when he asked the question. Did Sun need to come here to tell him about this? The meeting was announced in the group chat of the student council in the afternoon.

“Sun, can I have a word with you?”

Ongsa glances at Tinh briefly to signal to her friend that she needs some privacy. Sun, despite her aggravation, lets Ongsa takes her hand and leads her out of the carpentry house.

“Why do you need to see me?”

Far at the back of the carpentry house is an open space for assembling wood.

It's empty at the moment.

“I told you I came here for Tinh.”

“I'm sorry for saying that. Please don't be upset.”

“Why did you say that? Did you not want me to come here for you?”

“It's not like that. Ton doesn't know about us. He could've gotten suspicious

because you suddenly came to me.”

“So what if he knew I came here for you?”

“He would've wondered why the popular girl of the generation was close to

a lousy person like me.”

“Let him be.”

Sun admits she's being irrational. She just wants Ongsa to pay attention to her.

“Sun…Didn't we agree on not telling anyone about us?”

Ongsa's stern voice stops Sun from behaving unreasonably in an instant.

“I still don't want anyone to find out. I don't want others to see you

negatively.” Sun has never witnessed Ongsa being this serious. What has she done? Sun knew Ongsa wasn't ready to reveal their relationship to anyone, yet she almost hurt Ongsa's feelings due to her irrationality.

“I'm sorry for being unreasonable.”

“It's okay. It's my fault for making you misunderstand. I'm sorry, too.”

“You did nothing wrong, Ongsa. No need to apologize.”

“I was wrong for upsetting you. Let's make up. Come on.”

Ongsa's genuine smile and little finger holding out melt Sun's heart. What is Ongsa made of? How can she defeat Sun like this?

“Buy me shaved ice.”

“Shaved ice again? Wow…you'll be super thin.”

“Damn you!!”

“Sun. ”

“...”

“You're early.”

“I'm Ton. Don't you remember?”

“O…Oh…I do.”

Sun stutters, realizing she leaves him speaking alone.

“You scared me. I thought you didn't remember me.”

“I remember you.”

“Can I sit with you?”

The boy points at the chair next to her.

“Sure.”

Sun allows. The boy pulls it and sits down immediately.

“I mistook the time, thinking the meeting was at three. Now I'm half an hour

early. I thought I'd be alone. You're also early. What a coincidence.” The boy gives Sun a warm smile that melts all the girl's hearts.

“It's a free period. I'm doing homework while waiting.”

“Ah!...Am I disturbing you?”

The boy acts surprised.

“No, no. I'll stop now. I can't think.”

“What subject? Can I help?”

“Chemistry.”

“Wow, I'm sorry. It's beyond the ability of an art student like me.”

Ton jokes and cracks a bright smile at Sun. She admits this boy is charming.

It's no surprise Ongsa once 'loved' him.

“Ah…I just found out you were close to Ongsa. I thought you weren't close to

people outside of your class. Even though I've been attending the meetings with the student council since the election, I've never had a real conversation with you.”

“I don't usually approach people first. I'm not good with words. But Ongsa is

special.”

“Um…Because she's Tinh's friend, right? You seem close to the gang.”

“What's more surprising than you grew close to Ongsa is Ongsa became

close to you.”

“...Why?”

“Ongsa is a quiet person. She barely talks to her classmates. I didn't expect

her to have any friends from other classes.”

“Are you very close to Ongsa?”

“Yes. Our moms are friends. Ongsa and I have been together since

kindergarten, you know? Back then, she wouldn't take a nap without me by her side. I called in sick one day, and Ongsa cried so much that the teacher called her mother to pick her up. At last, we both missed the classes that week. Every time I brought this up, Ongsa always got upset. Haha.”

“But Ongsa had never mentioned you until you bumped into each other that

day.” It comes out as a counterattack to win, not a casual remark. So what if they're close? The past is the past. The present is more important.

“We haven't seen each other much since the start of high school. Art students

study in Building 4, while science students study in Building 7. Plus, we were busy. That's why we grew distant. But I'll try to make us close again soon!!” The boy says with determination. Had he stopped and thought for a bit, he would've noticed the exasperation in Sun's eyes.

“Oh…I thought I'd be the first. Are you two energetic or secretly flirting with

each other?” Fai, the head of the yellow team, cuts in. The others slowly arrive and fill the meeting room with chatter, allowing Sun to break free from the boy. Even though Ton's words worry Sun and make her thoughts ruin wild, she eventually comes to a conclusion for herself. She can't stop people from coming into anyone's life. She can't stop people from having feelings for anyone. If their heart belongs to you, they will be with you no matter how many hundreds of people chase after them.

It doesn't matter who will come into their life. What matters is whom they want to talk forward with.

That was what Sun thought, but somehow not anymore. After that day, Sun spotted the boy with Ongsa very often. She tried to stay optimistic that there was nothing to it, but she couldn't endure it after several times. For a couple of times, Sun saw them together and strode toward them, but Ongsa walked away. Sun couldn't help overthinking it. She knows Ongsa isn't confident in same sex-relationships. Otherwise, she wouldn't have walked away.

Honestly, Sun doesn't know if Ongsa is really into her or developing feelings for her out of attachment, so the return of the boy worries Sun even more. She has no clue how significant she is to Ongsa. When she decided to disappear, she did it just like that, leaving her going crazy. Sun is scared that history will repeat itself.

“Did you wait long, Sun?”

“Sooooooooo long.”

“You're exaggerating. I'm only five minutes late.”

“The person who's late will never understand the one waiting. Hmph!”

Sun pretends to sulk. Ongsa is almost five minutes late, which isn't that long.

Sun just wants to mess with her.

“Let's make up.”

Ongsa holds out her little finger the way she always does when Sun is upset.

“The same old trick.”

“Don't you like it?”

“Well, I do.”

“You like me?”

“You punk!”

“Haha.”

Ongsa looks satisfied that she's successfully messed with Sun.

The thing is, it's been two weeks since she and Ongsa planned to have shaved ice together, but their schedules conflicted. So today, they both decided to skip cram school to eat something together. It's basically a date. But since Ongsa's last period was carpentry, which was known to be dismissed late, Sun needed to wait for Ongsa under the arch beside the library.

“Shall we go?”

Ongsa asks after she's done laughing.

“Yeah.”

Sun replies. Before they start walking, Sun sees the boy heading toward them in the distance. Ongsa steps in another direction, but Sun stugs her hand to stay in place until the boy arrives and greets them.

“Hey, Ongsa. Hey, Sun.”

“Hey, Ton.”

Sun greets, while Ongsa remains silent.

“Ongsa, can I talk to you for a sec?”

Sun frowns at the boy's words. Talk? What's to talk about? Do they need to talk alone? Despite the wild thoughts in her head, Sun lets Ongsa and Ton have a conversation alone. Three minutes. The short moment feels like forever for Sun.

“Ongsa, shall we go?”

Sun knows she's being insanely impolite, but she can't bring herself to care about politeness right now.

“Ah…”

Ongsa looks at Sun stupidly, confused.

“I'm sorry, Ton. Can I have my Ongsa back?”

“... Oh, oh… Sure. As you wish. I'm leaving, Ongsa. Later.”

“Yeah.”

Ongsa responds with a nod. The boy walks off, leaving only silence between Sun and Ongsa.

“...”

The silence envelops the area for a while before Sun starts speaking.

“I'm sorry for being mean, pulling you away from him.”

“It's okay.”

“... Ongsa… are you getting back together with Ton?”

“Huh…?”

“I know you and him were dating. He's trying to make up with you, right? Do

you want to get back together with him?”

“Sun… ah… I…”

“Can you not do that? Can you not get back together with him? He hurt you

once. I don't want him to come back to hurt you again.”

“Ton didn't…”

Before Ongsa finishes the sentence, Sun cuts in with the feelings boiling up inside her chest.

“Don't you care about me?”

Those words stun Ongsa.

“Of course, I do”

“If you do…why are you doing this? If you want to make up with Ton, you should just tell me. If

it's your happiness, I won't stop you” Right. Sun won't stop Ongsa or her tears. If Ongsa says she wants to leave, clear drops of tears will fall down Sun's face right away.

“Ton doesn't like me, Sun, and I don't like him either. There's no way we'll get back together”

“Oh”

Sun's tears instantly delay.

“Why does he come to you so often?” She asks.

“Ton doesn't like me…He likes you”

“Huh?!!”

Sun is shocked to hear that.

“He asked me to play matchmaker for him and you”

Holy shit!! The truth is a plot twist.

“I didn't know what to do. That's why I always walked away from you when he came to me. I

didn't want him to be near you” Listening to the explanation, Sun feels extremely embarrassed to the point of no return. So Ongsa avoided her when she was with that boy because she didn't want to play matchmaker for them? Why didn't she tell her?!! She let her misunderstand for so long.

“Are you possessive of me…?” - “Yes. Very much”

“Why did you never tell me?”

“I have no right to feel that way. How could I say it?”

“You have the right to do it…You can be possessive of me as much as you wish because I…feel

possessive of you like crazy”

“...”

“...”

Ongsa goes silent for some time. Sun is worried that her words upset Ongsa by any means. A moment later, Ongsa speaks.

“I have no right to be possessive of you”

“...”

“And you have no right to be possessive of me”

“...”

“We're just talking. We can't be possessive of each other”

Sun feels numb by Ongsa's words. She's right. They're just talking. They have no right to feel anything toward each other whatsoever.

“So…”

Ongsa says and pauses, as if hesitating whether she should continue.

“So… will you go out with me?”

Finally, Ongsa has decided that she should say it.

“...”

Sun is totally speechless.

“I want to have the right to be possessive of you”

“Are you sure…?”

“...”

“If you think you can handle an unreasonable girlfriend like me…I'll go out with you”

“OoO!!”

“I…also want to have the right to be possessive of you”

---Chapter : 12

NO NEED TO BE ANYONE ELSE

After officially dating that evening, Ongsa and Sun change their status on Facebook from 'single' to 'in a relationship.' As expected, Sun receives heaps of reactions. Everyone wonders if Sun is serious and sets the status for fun. If Sun is dating someone, who is the lucky person? How handsome is he to win over the heart of the pretty girl of the generation known to not be easily shaken? More importantly, why doesn't Sun tag the person? Ongsa also switches her status shortly after. As expected of the lousy girl of the class, around an hour later, she only gets a text from Tinh, asking if she's in a relationship with Sun already. Aside from that, some like her status without thinking much. No one comments anything. That's Ongsa for you.

DING!

The LINE notification goes off. Ongsa thinks it's Sun, but she's wrong. The person isn't Sun, and Ongsa has never expected a text from him.

Ton : Ongsa.

Ton : I'm heartbroken.

Ton : Sun is dating someone.

Ton : 😭 Ongsa goes quiet for a long while after reading Ton's texts. She feels guilty, but what can she do? Love isn't the Thai Red Cross Society. You can't help everyone. Plus, she never wishes to share Sun with anyone. I'm sorry, Ton.

It takes Ongsa by surprise that Sun asks her to meet up at the library, their regular rendezvous, saying she needs to talk to her about something. Ongsa texts Sun, asking what it's about, but Sun doesn't reply. After classes, Ongsa waits for Sun in confusion, trying to figure out what Sun will talk to her about. She wouldn't break up with her after two days in a relationship, would she?

“Ongsa.”

Ongsa knows right away whose familiar voice it is without turning around.

“Did you wait long?”

Sun settles next to her.

“Just a little while. What's the matter?”

“I just want to know if anyone asked you… about us.”

The words 'about us' somehow make Ongsa blush.

“No one. I don't have many friends on Facebook. I've also blocked my

relatives.”

“Oh.”

“You wanted to see me to ask about this?”

“Yeah.”

“You could've given me a call.”

“I want to see my girlfriend. Am I not allowed?”

There it is. Ongsa gets all shy being flirted with directly. It doesn't last long because her fate is about to play a joke on her without warning.

“Sun.”

Someone calls, and it's not Ongsa. Ongsa and Sun turn toward the voice and see Sun's three friends staring at them ominously.

“I knew something felt off. You never told us who you were dating when

asked. This is what it is, huh?” Deer says, disapproving of what she witnesses.

“Is this the person you're dating?”

Vee asks in such a stiff voice that makes Ongsa worry about Sun's answer.

“Yeah. This is Ongsa my girlfriend.”

“You're dating a girl? Are you a lesbian, Sun? You must've lost your mind.”

Says Kongkwan, Sun's closest friend, as if she can't believe her ears. What Ongsa has been afraid of is happening. She's scared Sun will be viewed in a negative way if someone discovers their relationship, the way her friends are looking at her like a weirdo right now.

“Love is love. I don't care what gender she is or what she is. All I care about

is if I love her or not.” Sun's serious voice gives Ongsa reassurance. Sun is so confident in their love. Ongsa shouldn't show her weakness.

“Don't you care about other people? You're famous in our school. What will

they think?” Vee asks.

“That's up to them. I don't care.”

Feeling things are getting out of hand, Ongsa steps in between Sun and her friends.

“I started it. This is my fault. Don't tell her off.”

“If you don't want Sun to be told off, leave her. Besides, even if we say

nothing, Sun will be badmouthed either way when people find out about your relationship. Don't drag my friend down.” Kongkwan's harsh words take Sun and her friends aback. Ongsa goes quiet for a few moments because those words hit the nail on the head.

“... It wasn't easy for me to talk to Sun in person and come to this point…”

Ongsa speaks in an even voice that lures everyone to listen to what she has to say.

“It wasn't easy for me to find someone like Sun, someone who makes me feel

this good…”

“...”

“It might sound selfish, but I won't let go of Sun's hand because of this. I don't

know how much I can do, but can you give me a chance to take care of Sun?

Please let Sun date me.” Ongsa pours her heart. This is her first time saying things like this to others.

Ongsa doesn't want to lose Sun but also doesn't want Sun to lose her friends.

Asking for a chance is seemingly the only thing Ongsa can do. Hopefully, Sun's friends will give her a chance the way Sun gave her.

“I don't want you to date Sun…”

Deer starts, and Ongsa's face falls. It doesn't last long, though, because Deer resumes a minute later.

“I want you to date me instead. Aw…why is Sun's girlfriend so cute? I want

one.”

“Huh?”

Ongsa is dumbfounded by the situation.

Yesterday, after announcing they were no longer single, Ongsa didn't need to deal with anything much since both her friends knew who Ongsa was dating.

However, Sun was bombarded with questions about the mysterious person as soon as she entered the school.

“Spill.”

“How can you date someone without telling your friends?”

“You should've let us check his vibe first.”

“Right. What is this? You didn't even consult us. Suddenly, it's boom! You

have a boyfriend, and we don't even know who it is.”

“Tell us now, Sun. Tell us everything.”

“Ah…Well…”

Sun had no idea how to fill her friends in about Ongsa, secretly afraid they wouldn't be able to accept that she was in a relationship with a girl.

“We don't mean to pry, but we're friends, Sun. At least we should know who

you're dating so we can help you check if he's a good person.”

“Ah…Well… the person I'm dating is…”

“...”

“... not a boy.”

“Huh?!”

Sun then revealed everything to her friends. From Ongsa pretending to be Earth, her meeting Ongsa at the café, to Ton driving them to agree to go out.

Her friends were stunned for some time, unable to believe it was real. They thought it was only possible in books.

“Are you sure you like her?”

Kongkwan asked without forcing or pressuring her, but her expression and eyes were serious.

“I'm not trying to hinder you or anything. I just want you to think carefully.

You don't usually let anyone step into your world. This person is probably the only one you allowed to be this close to you, but it might not be out of love. You might simply feel good or familiar with her. Your heart might be shaken out of the sense of attachment.” Kongkwan explained to Sun. The sense of attachment and shaken feelings are often mistaken as love. In the end, when either of them realizes it isn't real, one is bound to be hurt. Kongkwan hoped her friend wouldn't be in that distressing situation.

“But the sense of attachment and good feelings can be the beginning of love,

can't it? I let her into my world this much because she made me feel…Even if my heart is simply shaken, it's the feeling in my heart.”

“Aren't you scared of how others will look at you, Sun? We're your friends.

We can accept you no matter what. But what about other people? How will the society judge you? Will you be able to bear it?” Vee shared another point because Sun must not forget they weren't the only people in the world. Sun was famous in the school. No matter how hard she tried to hide it, she'd be caught someday. When that day came, would Sun be able to accept the consequences?

“It's not like I don't care about society, but I care about Ongsa more. I almost

lost her once. I never wish to lose her again.”

“You're so devoted to her. Will she do the same for you?”

Vee's question put Sun in silence. Since Sun couldn't answer her friend's question, they came up with a plan to test Ongsa.

Maybe it was because the plan was made by Deer, a bookworm, that made it so dramatic. Well, at least it let Sun know her girlfriend wasn't lousy about everything.

🌞SUN_SUN : Are you mad at me?

🌍: Yes!

🌞SUN_SUN : Mm, I'm sorry.

🌍: I'm upset!

🌞SUN_SUN : There, there. Let's make up.

🌞SUN_SUN :I didn't want to mess with you.

🌞SUN_SUN : My friends wanted to know if you were serious with me.

🌞SUN_SUN : So we tested you a little.

🌍: You think we're in a book?

🌞SUN_SUN : Our story is similar to one from a book.

🌍: I don't know. I'm upset.

🌞SUN_SUN : Ugh, come on.

🌞SUN_SUN : Let's make up, pleaseeee.

🌞SUN_SUN : Make up with me, Ongsa.

Ongsa isn't actually upset. She just wants to mess with Sun. Even though the incident astounded her, she understood Sun's friends' explanation. She once ran away from the problem by leaving Sun, so her friends must've been afraid she would leave Sun again due to those problems, though the plan was quite dramatic. Sun's friends' testing plan made Ongsa feel lots of things. Relief…

and… worry.

Ongsa is relieved that Sun's friends don't mind them dating. They don't have to be as careful as before. At the same time, the incident got her to realize something. It's not easy for others to accept her relationship with Sun.

Besides the main problem-both of them are girls-another thing Ongsa needs to accomplish is to be good enough and suitable for Sun. Sun is popular.

Everyone wants to know what kind of person is by her side. On the contrary, Ongsa is a normal person, invisible to others. Dating a girl is embarrassing enough, but dating a girl with nothing special like her is worse. Ongsa doesn't want Sun to feel ashamed because it will hurt her.

“Whoooa, I'm heartbroken. Who took Sun away from me?”

“Sun is in a relationship. Ahhhh! Who's that lucky guy? Show your handsome

face right now.”

“Did the princess choose her prince? Hehe.”

“Tell me who it is. Which school does he go to? Tell me, tell me, tell me.”

xSun is so pretty. How handsome must her boyfriend be? I need to find the answer.” Those are comments under Sun's 'in a relationship' status set two days ago.

Ongsa planned to pay them no heed and pretend to forget them, but the incident today hit her that she couldn't. She can't ignore this. It's stuck in her head all the time. Is she suitable for Sun…? Is what she's doing a good thing…?

“What's wrong? Need to poop?”

Tinh asks, seeing Ongsa frowning for a while.

“Do you think I made the right decision?”

“About what?”

Charoen asks, looking up from her homework.

“Sun.”

“What about her?”

Charoen needs more explanation.

“Is it okay that I'm dating Sun?”

“Holy shit!! Are you going to break up with her after three days in a

relationship? You bitch!!” Tinh bellows without listening to her explanation.

“I'm not going to break up with her. It's just… It's Sun, the popular girl of the

generation, an idol to all students. But look at me. I have fucking nothing…”

“Why did you suddenly have that thought?”

Charoen asks in confusion. She knows Ongsa has always been an overthinker, but this sudden thought must've stemmed from something.

“You read the comments on Sun's Facebook account, didn't you?”

As expected from the knowledgeable Tinh.

“Oh, many wondered if her lover was handsome. Did you feel awful for not

being handsome?” Charoen asks.

“Not really. Everyone expects Sun's partner to be great and perfect. But look

at who I am… I feel like I'm not good enough for her.”

“If you weren't good enough for her, why would she choose you? You're

overthinking it. Sun doesn't care about those comments. Why would you?” Tinh complains about her friend overthinking.

“I don't care about them. I care about Sun.”

“...”

“What if our relationship puts her in a bad light? Wouldn't you care if it were

you?”

“...”

“I already feel terrible that I can't be a boy for her. I want to be good enough

for her, at the least.” Ongsa's two best friends are speechless. Ongsa was never a talkative person, hating to explain anything if unnecessary. She never cared about what others thought or said about her. However, Sun is the reason this time. Love makes you want to be a better person for your loved one…

“You should take care of yourself. Give yourself a makeover. Be pretty, you

know. When people find out you're Sun's girlfriend, they won't think Sun is dating some flippant girl.” Tinh suggests.

“Yeah. Change yourself. You're not ugly, Ongsa. If you do a makeover and

take care of yourself a little, I think you'll be pretty.” Charoen says genuinely without trying to flatter her friend. Ongsa isn't unattractive. She just leaves her appearance as it is without doing anything.

She'll be prettier if she takes care of herself. Ongsa mulls over Charoen and Tinh's words on her bed. Give yourself a makeover… It'd be great if it was that easy. She's been like this since birth. She can't just change. More importantly, she has no idea about the direction of her makeover.

Ongsa starts with exercising. When she tells her family she'll work out, they are shocked since they know Ongsa hates to exercise the most. Ongsa isn't fat. She's rather skinny, but her thighs and face are competing to get chubbier.

Her legs and face have gotten large, and her double chin is growing.

“I'm…dying…”

“Three minutes.”

Alpha says in weariness, watching her sister step out of the treadmill as if she's run for ten kilometers.

“You okay?”

“No.”

“Yeah. I can tell. Why did you get up and run all of a sudden? Are you in

love?”

“I'm not!!”

“Why are you shouting? I'm startled. It's good that you exercise. Your double

chin is visible.” Alpha leaves after saying that. Ongsa can only sigh at her own lousiness.

Despite how tired Ongsa is, she won't give up. Even if she pants like a puppy after running for three minutes, she'll keep running. She looks at Sun's photo for encouragement and exercises some more. She has to keep going! That way, she'll gain a victory!!! Ongsa could try to change her body, but what can she do about her looks? She doubts she can be sweet and bubbly like Sun.

Sun is so bottom-material. Ongsa can never beat her.

‘How to be a top.' If one is a bottom, the other must be a top. Ongsa doesn't

know how to be that, though. What do they do? She goes to Google for information. Please help her, Google… Ongsa surfs the internet for a while but finds only a few pieces of information. Most information about being a top is for gay men, and it's not something Ongsa thinks she can do. Sigh…this is hard.

Today, Ongsa and Sun will be on a date at Siam. To call it a date is inaccurate. It's more like a group hangout. The thing is, there is a movie series that Ongsa, Charoen, and Tinh always watch together. But when the latest one was released, Sun invited Ongsa to check it out together. Afraid her girlfriend would be upset and that her friend would feel neglected, Ongsa decided to watch it with all of them. It solved the problem. Her friends were close to Sun, anyway. When Ongsa invited Tinh and Charoen, Sun asked her friends to join them. As it turned out, their supposed date turned into a whole army attacking the theatre.

“Did you cut your hair?”

Asks Sun upon seeing her girlfriend.

“Yeah.”

“Why? You cut a lot of it.”

“I was bored of long hair, so I tried a short style.”

To change her looks, Ongsa cut her hair she had left long for five years. She didn't cut it that much. It's shoulder-length, the popular trend. Plus, the way Ongsa tied her hair loosely, with some locks of hair framing her face, improved her appearance to an extent. Still, to someone who has always seen her with long hair, this is quite a surprise.

“I thought you were heartbroken.”

“My heart is fine as long as you don't break it.”

Ongsa cracks a playful smile, making the person who's dated her for one month blush.

“Where are the others?”

Sun switches the subject.

“On their way. They said they were almost here. What about your friends?”

“They're on their way as well.”

“Sun, Ongsa.”

They turn toward the voice. The first one to arrive is Vee, equally surprised by Ongsa's new looks. She is actually more surprised. Besides the new hairstyle, this is Vee's first time meeting Ongsa outside of school. She's just learned Ongsa is pretty attractive. The others gradually arrive after Vee until they're all here. Everyone has agreed to have lunch before watching the movie. Charoen and Tinh volunteer to purchase the tickets while the others will queue for a buffet restaurant to save time. It's a famous place. During the daytime on Saturday like this, it'll be super crowded as if the food is free.

“Your hairstyle is cute, Ongsa.”

“Sun will scratch your face for complimenting Ongsa directly like that,

Deer.” Vee jokes, but Deer is totally unbothered. Ongsa is really cute today. She has no clue what Ongsa has done, but she's gotten much cuter.

“We're here. Still not our turn?”

Charoen and Tinh are back from buying the tickets right when a worker at the restaurant calls for them. Although it's their first group hangout, since Sun's friends are familiar with Ongsa and Ongsa's friends are close to Sun they might climb on each other's necks, they don't need to worry about being awkward.

“It was freaking scary. I was super startled when the zombie jumped out.”

Deer puts on a frightened expression to describe her words as they walk out of the theatre.

“I believe you were startled. You screamed so loud.

Kongkwan looks done.

“What was I supposed to do? I couldn't snuggle up against someone like

some girl.” The said 'some girl' turns her head abruptly toward her friend.

“It was useless. The one snuggled up against was frozen in fear. Good thing

she didn't pee her pants.” Tinh can't stop himself from roasting his friend. It makes everyone laugh, even Sun.

“Where are you guys going after this?”

Charoen asks.

“I'm going home.”

“Me, too.”

“Yeah. My mom is waiting in the parking lot.”

Sun's three friends will leave straight away.

“I'll go home as well. What about you, Tinh?”

“Home, of course. My dad is here. What about you, Ongsa, Sun?”

“We're not going home yet.”

“Not yet.”

They say at the same time as if planned.

“Going on with your date, huh?”

Tinh teases. Ongsa responds with a cheeky face as if to say, 'Yeah, right. So what?' Ongsa and Sun continue with their date because today is their one- month anniversary. Despite having a group hangout, they want to make it special somehow. Sun loves desserts. Since there's a famous café from abroad branching here recently, Ongsa and Sun agreed to try that place. The queue is long as it's open for business only recently. They have to wait for a while for their turn.

“Freaking handsome.”

Sun says suddenly. Ongsa turns her head, wondering whom Sun is talking about. Her question is answered in an instant when she sees her girlfriend speaking to her phone.

“Is he handsome?”

Sun holds out her phone to Ongsa. The screen displays a hot Korean idol.

“He's okay.”

“Not just okay. He's my bias. Super handsome.”

“Okay, okay.”

Whatever. Ongsa can't touch Sun's bias. Sigh…if only she could be handsome.

“Whoa, no!”

“Don't say no. You have to say yes.”

“No!! Charoen can do it.”

“No way.”

Tinh and Ongsa argue so loud their classmates turn to look. The thing is, Tinh is asking Ongsa to be on the palanquin for the student council's parade this year, but Ongsa firmly declines. Ongsa knows she has to lend a hand to the student council, but it must not be the palanquin. It's just not for her.

“Why not?”

“She chose you, not Charoen.”

“Who is she?”

“Sun.”

The argument is over as soon as the main girl is mentioned. In the end, Ongsa relents and agrees to be the student council's palanquin girl as there's nothing else a lousy girl like her can do. Sun wouldn't allow her to distribute water like last year since many juniors and seniors have started to flirt with Ongsa pretty often. It could be due to her attempt to change her looks.

“Sun, where are the plastic rope and newspapers?”

“The plastic rope is in the blue bag beside the paint bucket. I haven't brought

newspapers, though.”

“Sun, we ran out of glue.”

“Uh, uh, I'll go buy it.”

“Sun, while you get other stuff, buy more pads.”

“Um, um, sure.”

It's such a chaotic sight as the student council members and their friends have gathered to make Sports Day props at Sun's house because the school doesn't allow students to stay over six. Sun's house is huge and her parents are incredibly kind, so it's immediately the student council's den. Besides, Sun parents have a business out of town today, so they can be as loud as they wish without a care. . After listing the things to buy, Sun walks over to Ongsa, who's helping Tinh and Charoen make a sign.

“Ongsa, could you accompany me to buy stuff?”

“As a friend?”

Ongsa asks in a cheeky voice.

“You can accompany me as a girlfriend.”

Sun shoots back because only Tinh and Charoen are here.

“How annoying.”

Tinh says, glancing at these two friends. They're being lovey-dovey without being considerate of him. When Sun asked Ongsa to buy things together, she didn't think about how. Not until Sun leads her to a motorbike in the garage.

“We're riding this?”

Ongsa asks to be sure.

“Yeah. The store is on the main street.”

“But…”

“Are you scared to get on a motorbike?”

“No. I just…don't know how to ride it.”

“Ugh, it's about that? I'm not making you ride it. I need you to carry stuff.

Let's go.” Sun gets on the motorbike and starts the engine nimbly. It's Ongsa who struggles to climb up on the back. Here is another time Ongsa is reminded of her own lousiness. After they take off, Ongsa learns a new piece of information. Not only does Sun know how to ride a motorbike, but she's a professional. They accelerate at a crazily high speed that makes Ongsa's stomach drop. She can only close her eyes and pray to the holy spirits all the way.

“Why are you so pale?”

Charoen asks, seeing her friend's state after coming back from buying more materials.

“Motion sickness.”

“On a motorbike?!”

Tinh asks in shock.

“Yeah.”

Ongsa looks nauseous after soaring around the housing project with Sun.

“Who the fuck gets motion sickness on a motorbike?”

“You don't understand, Tinh. You never will.”

Ongsa groans in exhaustion but says no more, afraid the food in her stomach and colons will gush out of her mouth. Plus, it's no use explaining. Her friends should try riding pillion for Sun once to witness Sun as a motorpunk.

“How lousy.”

Charoen mumbles, but it hurts the dizzy girl to the core. Lousy this, lousy that.

Ongsa never wishes to be lousy, but it's uncontrollable. She can't stop being lousy even if she seeks help. Wahhh.

“Tinh, give me the number of the dress rental place.”

Says a friend from inside the house. Tinh grabs his phone and goes in.

“Charoen, can you saw the wood for me? I need to use it now.”

Charoen, the carpentry expert, is called over, leaving Ongsa with her two friends' pile of work with nausea. It takes Tinh and Charoen longer than expected. Ongsa has recovered from motion sickness. She thinks she should be useful rather than doing nothing like this. She admits she agreed to help them partly because she wanted to be near Sun. But now that Ongsa is among the friends busy with tasks, she feels she shouldn't slack off too much.

She reaches her small hands to the hammer and nail that Charoen left. Hitting the nail is easy-peasy. A lousy girl like her should be able to handle it. It shouldn't be too hard.

THUD!

It's pretty hard, actually. The nail for the sign is tiny and difficult to hold.

THUD!

She can't hit it if she doesn't hold it.

THUD!

It's pierced through a little bit. Ah, this should do. She doesn't have to hold the nail anymore. Now she simply needs to hit it all the way down. It's not that hard, apparently.

THUD!

Oh, fuck! It tilted. What the heck. It was straight earlier. Does she have to hold it all the time?

THUD!

It's hard to hit the nail when she holds it. It won't go down.

THUD!

Go down.

THUD!

THUD!

THUD!

“Ouch!!”

Yes, it's as you think. Ongsa, determined to hit the nail, hits her finger hard.

Consequently…

“It's bruised.”

Sun saw the climax in time, right when Ongsa hit herself. With that, the pretty girl of the generation drags her lousy girlfriend to get treated inside.

“You didn't need to hit the nail. See? You hurt yourself.”

Sun nags. Ongsa should've known how clumsy she is. Why did she risk injuring herself by hitting the nail?

“I wanted to help.”

“You could've done something else.”

“Yeah.”

Skilled from being part of the first-aid team, Sun treats Ongsa's bruised finger with no conversation whatsoever. It's so quiet that Sun feels surprised.

“Done.”

“Yeah…”

Ongsa replies meekly. Sun senses something is off.

“Ongsa, is something wrong?”

“No.”

As if. Ongsa looks so downhearted, like a heartbroken person, yet she denies something is wrong.

“What's wrong? Tell me.”

“...”

“Are you upset because I scolded you?”

“No.”

“...”

“I just feel I'm freaking lousy.”

“Hmm? You just hit yourself. Don't overthink it.”

“No. It's not just that. Ever since we started dating, I've always thought about

how lucky I am to be in a relationship with you and how unfortunate you are to be with me. I can't be a boy for you. I can't be the cool and handsome boy you prefer. I suck at everything. I can't hit the nail. I can't ride a motorbike.

I'm the lousiest person in the world. Why are you in a relationship with someone like me?” Her feelings are an exploded inflated balloon. Ongsa did try. She really did.

She tried to be a better person. She tried to be someone reliable for Sun, but, in the end, nothing changed. She's still the lousy girl Sun needs to take care of. I feel freaking terrible about myself…

“So what? Are you going to break up with me?”

The words 'break up' from Sun make Ongsa's heart go numb.

“So what if I know how to ride a motorbike? You can sit at the back. I don't

care if you can't hit the nail. I don't want a carpenter as my girlfriend, and I don't want you to be manly and cool for me. Even though I'm a girl, it doesn't mean you need to be a boy to be in a relationship with me. Instead of thinking about which one of us should take care of the other, I hope we take care of each other.” Sun understands Ongsa's feelings to some extent. Throughout the time they talked and decided to go out, why wouldn't she know Ongsa cares about what people and society think? Regardless, love is between two people.

“You're fine the way you are. No need to be like anyone else. No need to

compare yourself with others, even though I like some qualities in them.” 

---Chapter : 13

JEALOUS

Finally, Ongsa's attempt to change her looks has borne fruit.

Poisonous fruit.

“Hey, erm…my friend sent me to ask for your LINE ID.”

“Ah…”

“Please.”

“Ah…”

“No can do, girl.”

Tinh cuts in, sitting opposite Ongsa, who's still too hesitant to speak.

“Why?”

The middle school girl demands an explanation.

“Her family taught her to be reserved. She's a girl. How can she give her

LINE ID to any boys?” Tinh says.

“But my friend is a girl.”

“Oh…”

Slips out of Charoen's mouth.

“I…have to decline. Tell your friend I'm sorry.”

Ongsa finally says what she should after mustering all her life energy. Since it's Ongsa herself, the junior understands and leaves obediently.

“How many people so far?”

Charoen asks.

“Three.”

Ongsa answers wearily.

“What about those who sent you friend requests on Facebook?”

Charoen continues.

“About a dozen. Ha.”

Ongsa sighs at her situation. It all presumably started when Ongsa tried to change her looks. She had no idea how attractive she had become, but many people had been hitting on her lately to the point Sun got jealous. Things got intense when Ongsa helped the student council with their tasks at Sun's house.

Ongsa didn't think anything much to lend them a hand. She wasn't worried that they would wonder why a lousy girl like her was part of the team because they understood that she accompanied Tinh and that Sun mingled with her group because of Tinh as well. Here was what sparked the new issue: photographers were capturing the process and one of them took photos of Sun while she was with Ongsa's gang. Sun asked him to take a couple photo of her and Ongsa, and Ongsa agreed, seeing no harm in it. However, Ongsa forgot Sun was a popular girl in school. As soon as the photos of the work process were posted on the student council page, the school's cute boys and girls page saved some and publicized them on their page. They wanted photos of Sun, but Ongsa was in one of them. At first, Ongsa was worried that someone would be suspicious of their relationship, but then she realized they weren't interested in that. They were interested in 'her' only.

Since Ongsa changed herself quite significantly and exuded a much more decent aura many people spotting her on the page wondered who the girl beside Sun was and why she was so cute. Some started searching for her social media accounts, including approaching her in person like the girl earlier. The phone on the table buzzes several times. Ongsa takes it to find more friend requests. It seems to happen more frequently with time.

“Where did all of them come from?”

Ongsa murmurs.

“Did someone send you a friend request again?”

Charoen asks.

“Yeah. I don't know how they found me. Three more of them.”

“I think I know. Look.”

Tinh says, holding out his phone to his friends. The screen shows the school's cute boys and girls page, and the latest post is a YouTube link.

“Fuck!!”

Ongsa yells.

“That explains it. You're famous now. Congratulations.”

Charoen says in amusement, patting her friend's shoulder. The YouTube link leads to the short film they submitted to their teacher last semester. The concept is 'Love has no gender,' with Ongsa as the lead. Back then, Ongsa was still pretending to be Earth to talk to Sun, so the lousy girl was particularly immersed in the role. The teacher even praised her. After uploading the clip on YouTube for submission, they never paid attention to it again. They never thought someone would dig it up. Ugggh, Ongsa is losing her mind!!

No one wants others to be close to their significant others… Right? No one wants that, and neither does Sun. Sun used to talk to a hot guy, an equally popular person in school. The result was she wasn't the only one he was talking to. An attractive, popular public figure probably talks to a million people. It made Sun close her heart and refuse to talk to anyone seriously.

That was until she knew Ongsa, the weird person who said goodnight to her every day until it piqued her interest. At first, Sun thought dating a normal person like Ongsa would be great. She wouldn't experience the same problem again. Ongsa was timid and no one paid that much attention to her.

But what the hell is the current situation?! People suddenly got interested in Ongsa. Even the comments on the couple photo of her and Ongsa on the student council page mentioned Ongsa more than her. Not to mention the school's cute boys and girls page. Why did they keep posting about Ongsa? Ongsa was also at fault. Why did she suddenly lose weight and cut her hair? People are flirting with her now that she's pretty, and Sun can't stop none of them.

During the last week before Sports Day, the high schoolers in charge are busy doing their best in preparations for each team. The student council and Sports Day committee are busier than anyone. They barely get to study the whole week.

“Shan, let's try the dress.”

The students participating in the student council's parade are called into the fitting room one by one. Ongsa waits for her turn in uneasiness. For seventeen years, she's never dressed this way. It's no surprise that she's nervous.

“Ongsa, come in.”

“What did Tinh's friend do? She wasn't this pretty before.”

“Ongsa? I don't know, but she indeed got much prettier.”

“Do you know if she's single?”

“I don't know. I can't say. I was in the same class as her in middle school.

She was usually quiet and isolated. I would've said yes before. But now that she's gotten so pretty, I doubt she's single.”

“You said she was isolated, but how come she agreed to be the palanquin

girl?”

“Oh…her best friend is in charge of the parade. I guess they dragged her

here. I've seen her help the student council with their tasks several times.”

“I think I'll try hitting on her.”

“Seriously?”

“Yes. To be honest, I like her so freaking much. You have to help me.”

“Aight, aight. I'll help as much as I can.”

The conversation between the two boys aiding the student council centers around the girl disappearing into the fitting room. Of course, Ongsa heard none of that. The person who heard-eavesdropped, to be accurate-is standing there with a troubled expression. Sun is angry with Ongsa on the inside. Why the hell is she so pretty? Tons of people are chasing after her. Sun is so jealous that she's going crazy. Ongsa is the worst!!

Ongsa starts to be awkward now that she's become the center of attention.

She receives more friend requests every day and gets hit on constantly the whole week. More importantly… most people interested in her are female juniors. Maybe her practice to be a top is successful, though it's not in a good way. Sun is upset… That's why Ongsa thinks it's not in a good way. This is the third month of their relationship. Why wouldn't Ongsa know how easily upset her girlfriend is? Sun is the kind of person who can be bitter over anything, regardless of how trivial or significant it is. She can be upset with the smallest thing to the biggest thing, but it doesn't annoy Ongsa because it never lasts long. Sun stops being upset pretty quickly. Besides, Sun is adorable when upset. But not this time. Sun still replies to Ongsa's text, calls her, and acts exactly the same.

But Ongsa feels something different in Sun's unchanged behaviors. The way Sun looks at her is different. Her tone of voice is different. The feelings conveyed to Ongsa are different. Something must've happened…but Ongsa has no clue what it is. The student council members in charge of the parade are staying over at Sun's house tonight. Since Sports Day is tomorrow, everyone will get ready early in the morning. Among them are the three best friends. Ongsa was nervous about staying over at Sun's place, worried that her parents would be suspicious of them, but due to a large number of people and Ongsa acting closer to others than Sun, no one suspected anything.

“What's wrong? Do you need to poop? The toilet is over here. Go straight

and turn left.” Tinh turns his head, noticing his friend looking like she has to hit the restroom.

“I don't.”

“Oh, your face says otherwise. What's wrong? You're fighting with Sun again,

huh?”

“We're not fighting.”

“Really?”

“Really. I don't know what happened to her. It's as if I upset her somehow. I

called her yesterday, but she said it was nothing.”

“The word 'nothing' from a girl is the scariest thing. Don't you know that,

Ongsa?”

“I think it's better to talk in person than on the phone. I can feel Sun is mad at

you even though I know nothing. As Tinh said, 'nothing' is the scariest. Talk to Sun when you have a chance. Don't prolong it. It won't be good. Trust me.” Charoen grabs the chance to lecture her friend after listening for a while.

Ongsa might've been able to change her looks, but she can't get rid of her silliness and lousiness. If Charoen waited for Ongsa to realize she should make up with Sun, Sun would break up with her friend first.

Meanwhile, Ongsa spots Sun ascending the stairs to the second floor, probably going to her room. Ongsa takes this chance to follow her, not forgetting to tell both her friends to be on the lookout in case someone goes upstairs.

“Sun.”

Ongsa's voice startles Sun slightly as she's looking for her stuff in the drawer.

She has no idea when Ongsa entered the room.

“Ongsa, what do you need?”

Sun asks, thinking Ongsa is here to ask for something. Sun tries to act normal, suppressing her frustration from seeing Ongsa being close to the others all day.

“I want my girlfriend back.”

“...”

“Why are you upset with me?”

“I'm not.”

Sun answers as if nothing has happened. She even pretends to fumble for something in the drawer to avoid the confrontation, afraid she might not be able to hold back and say something irrational.

“Really?”

“Yes.”

“...”

No way. That can't be true. Even though Sun insists she's not upset, her actions say otherwise. Sun would've turned to have a proper conversation had she not been upset. She wouldn't turn her back and search for her things like this. Silence fills the room. As Sun refuses to reveal why she's upset and acts nonchalant, Ongsa doesn't know what to say. Since Sun ignores her, Ongsa finally tries to gain her attention… Ongsa wraps her slim arms around Sun's waist and rests her chin on her shoulder. Ongsa's warm breath on Sun's neck sends chills all over her body. Sun drops everything in her hands.

“Why are you upset, baby?”

Ongsa tightens her embrace. The cute voice, the term of endearment, and the bright face on her shoulder make Sun feel paralyzed.

“Won't you really tell me why you're upset?”

“...Let me go first.”

“Tell me and I'll let go.”

“Mm…Okay, I'll tell you.”

Sun flies her white flag in surrender. If she keeps being in this position, she will faint in Ongsa's arms.

“Promise you won't say I'm unreasonable if I tell you.”

“Eh…?”

“Promise me.”

“I promise.”

“So many people like you right now, right?”

As expected…

“But I don't like any of them.”

Ongsa quickly explains.

“I know, but I hate it. You're my girlfriend. I don't want anyone to be close to

my significant other.”

“...”

“I don't like anyone easily, Ongsa. If I've chosen someone, I want that person

to be only mine.” Ongsa never thought Sun would overthink it this much…

“No worries. I never wish to be close to others…”

Ongsa tightens her arms to stress it.

“...”

“You're the only one I love…and I'll be yours only.”

Sun turns to Ongsa in surprise, even though this is not Ongsa's first time saying she loves her. Ongsa isn't very expressive when they're together, so Sun's heart races whenever she hears this word. Silence envelops them again. This time, it's so quiet that both girls hear each other's breath and the same paces of their heartbeat. They even hear the desire in each other's hearts. Their hot breath lets them know their faces are leaning so close toward one another, so close that Ongsa can see Sun's long, thick lashes and clear eyes with her reflections in them. Ongsa glances down at Sun's cluelessly parted lips. They both know what's about to transpire but refuse to stop it. Sun slowly closes her eyes, ready for the touch. At this moment, even God can't stop what's about to happen…

Knock, knock, knock.

“Are you done inside? Someone is coming in to get a dress.”

God can't stop them, but Tinh can. The lookout warns them someone will enter the room without knowing the signal is ruining his friend's romantic moment. Ongsa and Sun pull away from each other immediately. Their faces redden upon realizing what they were about to do.

“I'm going downstairs.”

Shy, Sun can no longer face Ongsa and flees in a split second.

She's totally forgotten she was here to look for her stuff. It remains unfound.

After exiting the room, Ongsa reports to her friends that she's successfully made up with Sun, saving the details about their supposed romantic scene. If it slips out to her best friends, they will tease her until Latte gets old. Now that they've made up, Ongsa resumes completing her task, but it's so hard to concentrate on the work at hand.

“Ouch!”

She eventually pokes herself with a needle.

“You cut yourself when cutting pieces of paper. You hit yourself when hitting

the nail. Now you poked yourself while sewing. Can you do anything right for fucking once, Ongsa?” Tinh pities his friend's lousiness.

“Shut up!”

Ongsa scowls at Tinh and continues sewing the flag. Wasn't he the one making her desire unfulfilled?

“Ouch!!”

Her hands will be full of holes today.

By the time everything is completed, it's one in the morning. Sun's parents deserve all respect for being able to sleep at nine, their usual time, despite the loud noises. After preparing everything for tomorrow, the student council and staff choose their sleeping spot. Sun's gang will sleep in Sun's room while the others are scattered in the living and study rooms. The three best friends, Ongsa, Charoen, and Tinh, are part of the living room team, though Sun's friends have persuaded them to sleep together in the bedroom. Who would dare to? They look at me with such playful eyes.

Fortunately, no one knows about the incident in the afternoon. They would've teased them without doing anything else otherwise. It's two in the morning.

Ongsa can't sleep. Only Tinh's snores fill the silence. Ongsa is still wide awake in the darkness. She's not so excited about being the palanquin girl for the first time that she can't bring herself to sleep. She can't sleep because she can't shake the thin pink lips in the afternoon out of her head.

I want to kiss Sun. Ugh!!! The thought makes her feel like a pervert. Ongsa's mind has been occupied with kissing since the afternoon. She has no idea what's gotten into her. She's never kissed anyone, and she broke up with Ton after dating him for only over a month. The most they did was hold hands.

They never even hugged, so kissing was out of the question. Although Ongsa is more handsy with Sun than Ton, they're both girls. Their actions are normal for any best girl friends. There's nothing wrong with it. But kissing is a different matter. You don't kiss your friend. It's too strange.

Ongsa and Sun have been dating for three months, yet things like this never popped up in Ongsa's mind until the incident in the afternoon. Now, Ongsa thinks of Sun's pink lips all the time. What should she do? If Sun knows, she'll call her a pervert for sure. Boo-hoo TOT.

DING!

Ongsa is slightly startled by the notification and grabs her phone to check the source of the sound.

🌞SUN_SUN : Have you fallen asleep?

🌍: Not yet.

🌞SUN_SUN : Come to my room for a moment.

🌞SUN_SUN :I need to talk to you about something.

🌍: Sure. Wait a sec.

🌍: I'll be right there.

Ongsa doesn't know what Sun needs to talk about, yet she walks through the dark upstairs. Seeing Sun's face might help her sleep. She reaches the front of Sun's bedroom shortly after and finds Sun already waiting there.

“Are your friends asleep?”

“Yeah, they all are. What about your friends downstairs?”

“Tinh is snoring like an orchestra.”

Sun giggles at Ongsa's lame joke. Ongsa isn't actually lousy. She's cheeky, but only a few people are allowed to see that side of her. That's why Sun thinks she's lucky.

“What's the matter?”

“I just…want to apologize”

“Hmm?”

“I was being unreasonable”

“Oh…”

“I'm truly sorry. I never wish to be unreasonable. I just don't want anyone to

be into you.”

“You feel protective?”

Ongsa teases.

“I'm jealous.”

“OoO!”

There it is. Ongsa is stunned by Sun's straightforwardness.

“Have you no idea you get prettier every day? What will I do if someone hits

on you?”

“Nothing. They hit in me, not you.”

“Oh, you're messing with me now.”

“I'm not. I'm dating someone. I love that person a lot. This is what I'll say if

someone hits on me.”

“Hmph…how corny.”

“But you like it, don't you?”

“I'm not talking to you anymore. I'll go to bed.”

“Oh.”

Ongsa scratches her head in puzzlement. Sun comes and goes as she wishes.

“Ongsa.”

Sun, who's about to get inside, calls Ongsa again all of a sudden. Ongsa turns to the voice in curiosity. Sun grabs the chance when Ongsa waits to hear her speak to tip her head and touch Ongsa's left cheek with her lips.

“Goodnight.”

Sun says and reaches for the doorknob to flee from her shyness. Ongsa, however, is faster. She yanks Sun's hand from the doorknob and pulls her into her embrace, overlapping the incident in the afternoon.

“I'm not letting you get away this time.”

Ongsa whispers. She slides both hands up to lock the nape of Sun's neck and leans forward. As she's said, Ongsa doesn't let Sun get away, but Sun has never planned to run away in the first place. This is the second time in twenty-four hours that they met eyes. But the mood is better this time. At this moment, even God can't stop them. Neither can Tinh. The second the minute hand meets the hour hand. The second their world stops for a moment. When they feel the light touch from each other's lips. The soft, alluring, captivating touch. The touch so tempting they hope it never ends.

Ongsa has always wondered how soft Sun's lips would be. But she has never expected them to be this sweet. Ongsa and Sun's first kiss. It won't be the last kiss for tonight…

It's finally the morning of Sports Day. Ongsa is woken up at four in the morning to put on makeup. The chaos in the morning wipes the romantic scene from last night out of her head. After getting her makeup and hair done, Ongsa takes a nap for an hour before dressing up. The traditional Thai dress is difficult to wear, and many have come to help. Nevertheless, when Ongsa is all dressed up, she turns out unarguably gorgeous. Even Tinh and Charoen are surprised by their friend's beauty.

“Is that really you, Ongsa? You're fucking beautiful.”

Her best friends are not the only ones surprised. She stuns other students.

Ongsa usually never wore makeup. Powdering her face before going to school was already a lot of work. But today, Ongsa has gone all out with the cosmetics she can't remember the names of. She begins to be uncertain if she looks amazing as her friends have claimed. Everyone looks like they see a ghost after she steps out of the dressing room.

Ongsa stands by the palanquin, waiting for the parade to start. Tinh has sent Charoen to be her personal assistant. Ongsa is relatively nervous as she feels dozens of eyes on her.

“Ah…Hey, can I take a photo with you?”

Two girls ask for permission after approaching her reluctantly. It's common on Sports Day to take photos with those in beautiful dresses. Seeing no harm in it, Ongsa gets photographed with the two juniors. She has no idea that a dozen photographers will flock around her to take photos after the two girls leave. A while later, Ongsa begins to feel dizzy by the sound of camera shutters and flashes. At that moment, Tinh steps in to announce that the parade will start soon. Ongsa is continuously photographed throughout the march.

She has just learned how uncomfortable it is to be the center of attention. After this event, Ongsa promises herself she will never participate in things like this again. No more.

The parade takes around half an hour to arrive at school. When the march is over, Ongsa is dragged to be photographed again. By the time Tinh helps her out of the group of photographers, the lousy girl is nearly knocked out.

Sun is extremely irritated… With her responsibility as her priority, Sun was busy setting up the location and carrying out her duty as part of the first-aid team before dawn. She didn't see her girlfriend's face since she left home.

Fortunately, Tinh called her over to take photos with Ongsa, and the sight before her frustrated her again. Ongsa was absolutely beautiful today… So beautiful, the complete opposite of her lousy girlfriend.

So beautiful that everyone in school surrounds her, asking to take photos with her. Sun was furious enough about the fact that Ongsa got so prettier that others flirted with her before. Now everyone at school was interested in her.

More people would chase after Ongsa for sure. Sun thought she would definitely go insane. The way she is now…

Sun can't contact Ongsa. She hasn't replied to her texts or picked up her calls.

She's been taking off her dress for an hour. What are you doing, and with whom? Sun keeps texting Ongsa until she receives a reply.

[She's knocked out, Sun.] The short message is attached with a photo of Ongsa sleeping. Sun guesses it's from Charoen since Tinh is working with her. Charoen must be thinking she's such a maniac.

Ongsa is resting in the student council's dressing room after finishing her part in the parade and escaping from the photographers. Sun wakes her up around noon. Ongsa glances around to find the others gone, including Charoen.

“You must be tired.”

Is the first thing the sweaty girlfriend says. Ongsa reaches for a napkin nearby to wipe Sun's sweat.

“Worry about yourself first. You're more tired than me, Sun. You haven't

rested, have you?”

“I'm resting right now.”

“Where's Charoen?”

“Getting some food. She'll be right back. You haven't removed your makeup.

Are you afraid others won't know you're pretty?”

“I don't know how.”

Sun wants to slam her own head against the floor upon hearing Ongsa's answer. Her girlfriend is forever lousy.

“Come on. I'll do it for you.”

When you're in middle school, at the age of puberty, you must daydream about romantic moments with your lovers, right? The truth is, among those moments Sun has daydreamed about, there's none where she takes off her girlfriend's makeup like this.

“A lot of people took photos of you today. You're famous now.”

“Jealous?”

“Of course. You're my girlfriend.”

“What a jealous girl.”

“Why? Are you annoyed?”

“No. It's cute.”

Ongsa smiles, adoring Sun's whining. You can say Ongsa is crazy about her girlfriend. At this point, Ongsa finds everything Sun does adorable.

Muah!

A sudden kiss on the lips. It's so fast that Ongsa wonders what has happened.

“Don't smile like that at anyone, got it? Don't be cute around anyone, okay?”

“How possessive.”

“Who would I be possessive of if not my girlfriend?”

“I'm not saying anything…Be possessive of me for a long time, okay?”

“Don't get annoyed later, then.”

Sports Day is finally over, but the chaos in Ongsa's life has just begun. Ongsa was pretty popular before. But, after Sports Day, the lousy girl officially became a popular person in school. Unarguably, the photos of Ongsa on Sports Day were captured so beautifully that people flirting with her tremendously increased. The worst thing was a boy was persistent in trying to get Ongsa's LINE ID. It was worse because he was doing that in Sun's presence. It was a disaster.Ongsa knew it took every bit of Sun's patience not to lash out at that flirty boy. Unfortunately, the boy made it out alive while Ongsa suffered the aftermath.

“I don't like it!”

Now that they're alone, the Sun throws a fireball at the Earth.

“...”

“I hate it when they approach you. I told you not to be cute.”

“Oh.”

“I hate it when they hit on my girlfriend.”

“...”

“I really hate it, Ongsa.”

Sun knows she's an unreasonable girl. That's why she wasn't interested in love all that much. Everyone hit on her for her looks, and they left as soon as they caught a glimpse of her irrationality. Sun doesn't know how long Ongsa will endure it.

“Ongsa, can we tell others about us?”

Sun finally voices her thought.

“To whom?”

“Other people. Everyone in school. Let's update our Facebook status so they

know you have a girlfriend.”

“No!”

Ongsa replies in shock.

“We've agreed we won't tell anyone.”

“If everyone believes you're single like this, they won't stop hitting on you. I

know I'm being unreasonable. I'll fight with you about this every day for sure.

But if they know you're dating me, they'll stop chasing after you.”

“How will they look at you? I don't want you to be in a bad light.”

Ongsa explains with reasons. She never wants to hide their relationship, but she's scared of the consequences after the revelation.

“I don't care! I'm so jealous that I'm going crazy, Ongsa. I don't care about

what people think. If I keep seeing you being flirted with like this, it'll slip out of my mouth someday.”

“...”

“Please, Ongsa…”

Sun says, her eyes reddening as if she's holding her tears. The sight deflates Ongsa's heart. The thing that defeats her more than her girlfriend's smile… is her girlfriend's tears…

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah.”

“Okat. I'll send you a request.”

“You won't have a problem with your family, will you?”

It just hits Sun. She's not friends with her parents on Facebook, so it won't be a problem. What about Ongsa?

“It's okay. I blocked my family. I'm usually not active on Facebook. I doubt

they'll care.”

“Thank you, Ongsa. Thank you for indulging me.”

“Why are you thanking me? I'm happy to do it for your happiness. I've told

you I want to be your smile.”

“You're more than my smile now…”

“...”

“...You're my heart…”

---Chapter : 14

I CAN’T LOVE YOU, DOESN’T MEAN I DON’T LOVE YOU

The announcement of Sun and Ongsa's relationship becomes the talk of the town in school overnight. The popular girl and the lousy girl with rising popularity. Of course, they're the center of attention. Some people think they set the status for fun. However, when their friends tease them and they don't deny it, others begin to believe Ongsa and Sun are really dating. Ongsa's worry has come to life. Sun is a famous figure in school. Even if Ongsa wasn't as popular as she currently is, Sun revealing she's dating a girl would be criticized either way.

(I'm shocked, bro. Two pretty girls are dating, leaving no room for a handsome dude like me.) (When did you start dating? Spill it.) (That explains why Sun acted like she was about to break my neck when I asked Ongsa for a photo.) Yada, yada, yada. More and more. The outstanding comment belongs to a tenth grader.

(I've shipped both of you for ages. I knew there was something between you.I never expected you could actually be dating. How amazinggg.) She even attached photos of the volunteer camp last year. They display typical activities, but if you look carefully, you'll notice it's Ongsa glancing at Sun or vice versa in every photo. The craziest thing is the photo of Tinh, Ongsa, and Charoen last semester, where Ongsa makes a peace sign.

Someone remembered it was the same bandaged finger Sun posted with a caption, ‘How cute.’ Apparently, all of them have always known they're dating for a long time.

The announcement is mostly well-received, to Ongsa's relief, but that's not all. Someone has left a comment under Sun's photo of Ongsa's finger.

(You didn't tell me back then you preferred fingers. You led me on for so long.) A few more people have left vulgar comments there out of recklessness or anger that Sun is dating her. Some people have counter attacked for them, though. Still, even if the number of negative responses is low, they hurt Ongsa's feelings significantly. She never wishes to be the cause of Sun being seen in a negative way. That's how Ongsa has always felt since the first day she realized she was into Sun, and she still feels that way today.

“Ongsa, Alpha.”

“Oh, Bing. What brings you here?”

Alpha asks when the daughter of her mother's friend shows up out of the blue at cram school.

“I study here”

“Huh? Since when? I've never seen you here before.”

Alpha asks again.

“I've studied here for only two weeks. I was usually tutored at home, but my

mom wanted me to study more, so she registered me here.”

“Oh…The course for the high school entrance test, right? Where do you aim

for?” Ongsa asks. She doesn't usually mind others' business, but this girl is the daughter of her mother's friend. They grew up and played together. They're very close.

“My mom wants me to apply for Triam Udom Suksa.”

“What do you want?”

“Triam.”

“Triam Udom Suksa?”

“Nah. As if. I wouldn't be accepted. I'm stupid. I can't compete with anyone.”

“What are you talking about, kids?”

Bing's mother walks over before they say anything more.

“Hello, Aunt Bee.”

The two sisters greet at the same time.

“Hello, girls. It's been a while. You've all grown up.”

Bee teases like any other adult would.

“Mom, I'm going to class.”

The little girl tells her mother.

“Yeah. Go ahead.”

“We have to get going as well. See you later, Aunt Bee.”

The two sisters excuse themselves.

“Study hard, kids.”

“Sureee.”

Once the three girls attend their classes, Bee phones someone expecting her call.

[Hello Aor. Oh…Yeah. I just dropped off my kid. I also bumped into Alpha and Ongsa. Where are you…? Okay, okay, I'll be right there. Order a drink for me. The usual…Um, um.

Hanging up.] She says and ends the call before heading to the agreed location.

“I'm here.”

“You're late.”

“Late? I came here as fast as possible. Quit nagging.”

“Okay, okay, I'll stop nagging. So, what about the long holiday? Have your

family planned it? Will we have a group trip like last year?”

“I'm okay with that. Let's not go too far from Bangkok this time. Last year, my

husband kept complaining that his back got stiff from driving after we arrived home.”

“I'll ask the others first, then.”

The two housewives enjoy their chat as they only meet up once in a while.

Over an hour after the two housewives have sipped their coffee and chatted, a couple of male and female teenagers enter the café and settle at the table in a corner, the narrow space near them. It would've been fine if…

“Kids these days are hopeless.”

Aor turns away from the sight. The teenagers start making out without caring that this is a public place.

“Ugh, oh dear. What is this? Have they no shame?”

Bee glances at them and can't take it.

“If my kids behave this way, I'd have to take sedatives three times a day after

meals.” Aor says. She has two children, both girls. Seeing these kids, she can't help thinking of Alpha and Ongsa.

“Yeah. I'm worried about Bing, too. She's in the ninth grade now, becoming a

woman. Good thing she has no boyfriend. Honestly, I wish my daughter dated girls like Aom and Ongsa to cease my worry over things like this.”

“What did you say…? Ongsa is dating a girl?”

Her friend's expression, eyes, and skeptical voice make Bee realize she's just said something she shouldn't have.

“Tell me right now. How did you find out my daughter is dating a girl? Did

your daughter tell you?”

“No, no. It's not like that. I…”

“Tell me, Bee!!”

Upon that firm command, Bee doesn't know how to dodge it and reveals the truth to her friend despite herself. The thing is, As a friend of her daughter on Facebook, Bee stumbled across a photo on a page that Bing liked. It was a photo of Ongsa. Bee clicked open the caption and discovered it was a page of good-looking students in her daughter's school. The post stated that Ongsa had recently announced her relationship with another pretty girl in the photo.

Bee wasn't shocked as they were in an age where things like this were acceptable. Even though the girl in the photo was someone close, she wasn't surprised, remembering Ongsa's cousin was also dating a girl. Bee thought her family would be able to accept it. However, as soon as she told her friend everything, she realizes she is wrong!

Ongsa senses something is off. Although she can't pinpoint it, she knows it's not something good. After cram school, Alpha split up with her due to a project with her friends, so Ongsa went home with their mother. Ongsa might not be a talkative kid, but her mother always asked her about general stuff, so the car would be filled with conversations and laughter. Not in a dead silence like now…

Ongsa assumes her mother must've had a stressful conversation with Aunt Bee. She has no idea what stresses her mother out, but she hopes her mother isn't stressed. Her mother is easy going and very kind. When she looks like she's carrying the whole world on her shoulders, Ongsa feels awful.

As soon as they're home, Ongsa puts away her things in her room and goes to the kitchen to do something she's planned to do during the car ride. Ongsa softly places a glass of red liquid with water drops due to the temperature on the table, yet the woman sitting in the living room with her head down isn't aware of the glass and the person delivering it.

“You seem tired. I made a sweet red drink for you.”

The mother casts her eyes on Ongsa. She gazes at her for a while before speaking.

“Thank you, dear.”

She says and drinks it. Ongsa is happy she has done something for her mother, at the least. Her mother looks exhausted, so Ongsa hopes she relaxes.

She doesn't want her mother to be stressed.

“Ongsa.”

“Yes?”

“How's school?”

“Nothing much. The result of the midterm exam is out. I failed physics and

additional math, but I fixed them. I scored the highest in health education.

Tinh complained like crazy because I didn't let him copy me.”

“Well…are you dating someone?”

“...”

Her mother switches the subject out of the blue. The question stuns Ongsa.

“I heard you're dating a girl…Is it true, Ongsa?”

“Where did you hear it from?”

“Your school's fan page posted many photos of you. Is it true, Ongsa? Are

you dating a girl?”

“Ah, I…”

“Answer me, Ongsa.”

“No, I'm not”

“...”

“I updated the status with my friend for fun and someone posted it.”

Ongsa lies out of pressure.

“Sigh…What a relief.”

“...”

“I was shocked, you know. Don't joke like this again. You know I don't like

it.”

“Yes, Mom…”

Her mother smiles again, whereas Ongsa's world is about to crumble down before her. What should she do? What should she do? Her mother found out about her and Sun. What should she do now…?

“Ongsa, I want some ice cream. Let's go to the place in front of the school

this evening.”

“I have to go straight home this evening, Sun.”

“Oh, why? You don't have cram school this evening. Business with your

family?”

“Yeah.”

“Tomorrow, then.”

“I'll see if I can.”

“Oh, the movie we talked about will be released soon. When should we

watch it?”

“I'm busy lately, Sun. I'm not sure if I'll have time for that. You can watch it

with your friends first.”

“Okay. You have a lot of homework these days?”

“Yeah.”

“I'm here if you need help.”

“How can you help me? You have tons of work yourself. I don't want to

bother you.”

“I want to help. You'll spend some time with me that way. It's upsetting when

your girlfriend doesn't have time for you, you know.”

“I'm sorry.”

“I don't accept your apology. You have to treat me to ice cream.”

“Okay. Let's have ice cream when I have time.”

Ongsa splits up with Sun in low spirits. She's been keeping her distance from Sun for the past week, worried it'd be a problem if her mother knew about their relationship. Ongsa didn't want to lie, but she couldn't think of other ways at that moment. Had she admitted she was dating Sun, she would've been in serious trouble. Her mother wouldn't have accepted it. All Ongsa can do now is keep their relationship a secret from her mother. In doing so, her relationship with Sun has gotten worse.

Why wouldn't Ongsa notice how upset Sun was? But what can she do? Ongsa is scared of everything right now. She's afraid her mother will find out. She's afraid Sun will be mad.

She's afraid she won't be able to maintain this relationship. She's afraid she will have to break up with Sun.

“You're early. Sit down first. I haven't looked for it. Are you in a hurry?”

Aor says, leading her friend inside her house.

“I am. I'll have to buy shoes for my husband. It's sales day.”

“Okay. I'll look for it upstairs.”

“Do you need help?”

“Yeah. That'd be great.”

The two mothers walk to the youngest girl's room. Bee is here to borrow Ongsa's tenth-grade entrance exam book for her daughter.

“Ongsa's room is so tidy. Bing's room is a hot mess.”

“She tidied up her room yesterday. It's usually messy. Let's look for the book.

Aren't you in a hurry?”

“Oh, right.”

The two mothers search through the room until they find it.

“Ongsa is pretty diligent. She noted down loads of things.”

“She can be diligent if need be, but she's lazy most of the time, always

playing.”

“Okay. I got my stuff. I'm leaving now. I have to fight with heaps of people. If

I can't get the shoes, my husband will numb my ears with his nagging.”

“Yeah. I'll walk you out.”

“It's all right. Stay here and tidy your kid's room. We rummaged through it.

Ongsa would be shocked to see this. Didn't she just tidy it up?”

“Okay, okay. Drive safely.”

“Yeah. I'm off. See you later. Bye.”

When her friend has left, Aor organizes her daughter's room, putting things back in their places. Even though Ongsa isn't a clean freak, she arranges her stuff properly. If Aor doesn't put back everything, her daughter will complain nonstop.

“Woof!”

The family's dog strolls into Ongsa's room since the door is open.

“Oh, Latte. Bee has left, hasn't she?”

“Woof.”

“Why did you come here? To help me organize the room?”

“Woof, woof.”

“You're as lazy as your owner. Why did you put your head in there? Did

Ongsa hide her snacks?” Latte digs under Ongsa's bed as if his life depends on it. Aor needs to drag the cheeky dog away, afraid he will damage her daughter's things. It takes quite a lot of her energy to pull Latte out, but the cheeky dog doesn't come out with nothing. He holds a bag of cookies in his mouth. It explains what Latte was looking for. The odd thing is why the bag of cookies was under the bed.

After successfully yanking the bag of cookies from the dog, the beautiful mother bends down to put it back under the bed, but there's another problem besides the cookies lying there…

Have you ever felt numb all over your body as if you're about to stop breathing? That's how Ongsa feels after arriving home and seeing her mother waiting in the living room with a small box. The box Ongsa keeps everything about Sun inside… Their photos, movie tickets, the cards Sun gave her every anniversary, the dolls Sun made for her, the desserts Sun made for her, the stuff Sun bought her. Everything is in the box. The one her mother is holding.

“Do you have an explanation, Ongsa?”

“I…I…”

“Didn't you say it was for fun?”

Her mother doesn't scream, scold, yell, or lash at her. She doesn't even raise her voice the way Ongsa fears, but her tone of voice, expression, and eyes full of disappointment is a hundred times worse than getting yelled at.

“Why did you lie to me?”

“I'm sorry”

“You'd never lied to me, Ongsa. Did you become like this after dating this

girl?”

“No, Mom. Sun has nothing to do with this!”

“How did it happen, Ongsa?”

“...”

“No matter how, Ongsa, you know I despise things like this, especially when

it's my child. I don't mind you being in love or a relationship, but it must not be with a girl. It's useless dating a girl. You're bound to marry and build a family someday. Don't damage your life, dear.”

“...”

“Do you understand what I said, Ongsa?”

It requires trust to be together. Without trust, it's over… This is not Sun's first time dating someone. Why wouldn't she know how significant trust is for love? It doesn't matter, though. Sometimes you know what you're supposed to do, yet you can't do it… Sun can't help getting suspicious about Ongsa. Ongsa has something in her mind. Sun can feel it. She's even once asked her straightforwardly, but Ongsa denied it. Sun feels Ongsa is trying to keep her distance. They talk and meet up less than usual. She always says she doesn't have time when Sun invites her out, with homework and errands as excuses.

At first, Sun understood that everyone had their own responsibility, so it was impossible to be together all the time. But this is too much. Ongsa has no time for her at all.

“Tinh.”

“Hmm?”

“Let me ask you something.”

“What?”

“I know you might be uncomfortable to answer, but I hope you tell me the

truth.” Upon those serious words and stern voice, Tinh stops working on his documents and turns to his student council buddy. He can guess what Sun is about to ask but he's unsure if he can answer her question.

“Ask away. I'll answer if I can.”

“It's about Ongsa…”

As expected.

“She's cheating on me, isn't she?”

“Huh?!!”

That's totally unexpected. Tinh didn't think Sun would ask the question. Ongsa is cheating? Besides Sun, Tinh can't think of anyone stupid enough to be into Ongsa. Tinh can feel she's been acting strange, but he's certain Ongsa isn't cheating as Sun believes.

“No one would be stupid enough to like a lousy person like Ongsa, and

Ongsa is too stupid to know how to cheat. She has no one else but you.”

“But she's not the same. She acts like she doesn't care about me. She's never

been like this before, Tinh.” Sun slowly pours her heart out. She can't tell her friends about this, afraid they will think badly of Ongsa. On the other hand, she will suffocate alone if she doesn't vent at all.

“She's busy these days. Piles of homework. The final exam season is also

approaching.”

“Is she so busy that she can't spend time with her girlfriend? You study and

work for the student council, yet you have more time than her.” Sun says in a disheartened voice.

“Don't overthink it, Sun. Ongsa has been pretty quiet, indeed. She doesn't

even talk to us that much, not only you. I'm not making an excuse for my friend because you're my friend, too, but I don't want you to come to a conclusion yourself. Ongsa must be stressed out about something. Wait for her explanation. About her cheating on you, that's impossible. Despite her lousiness, she loves only you. Trust me.” Sun tries to not overthink it, as Tinh suggested, but she can't. Sun had mentioned she knows how unreasonable she is. It's getting worse now that her girlfriend pays no attention to her. If you wonder how unreasonable she is, it's to the point Sun looks for Ongsa at the carpentry house. She waits until the class is over before marching straight to Ongsa. If Ongsa avoids her, Sun will confront her.

Sun hears someone teasing that Ongsa's girlfriend is picking her up. The boys there emit a jealous aura, but Sun doesn't care. The only thing she cares about at the moment is Ongsa.

“Ongsa, can I have a word with you?”

“Yeah…You guys go first.”

Ongsa tells her friend after giving Sun a nod. Ongsa and Sun talk in the same corner where they cleared things up about Ton last time. Sun hopes Ongsa's explanation will be as good as back then.

“Why have you been avoiding me?”

“I told you I was busy with homework.”

“Tinh also has a lot of homework, yet he manages to go to the student council

office every day. Are you so busy that you have no time to answer your phone, Ongsa?”

“...”

“Do you still love me?”

“I…”

“...”

“Let's break up, Sun.”

Those words shock Sun. She's here to listen to Ongsa's reason without bracing herself to be dumped out of the blue.

“W…Why did you suddenly want to break up with me?”

It takes Sun a while to find her voice and respond.

“I'm sorry…”

“You're apologizing again. You keep saying sorry. You apologize whenever

something happens. Have you ever thought about explaining? You say sorry all the freaking time. I'm so close to losing it, Ongsa.”

“...”

Ongsa has no idea what to say because the only thing in her mind is the word

‘sorry,’ which Sun doesn't want to hear.

“Are you cheating on me?”

“No.”

“Then why did you ask to break up? Don't you love me anymore?”

Sun is on the verge of tears, and it drains all of Ongsa's energy. But, in the end, she forces herself to finish it.

“What's the point of our relationship, Sun? No one will accept us even if we

push it. Can't you see the way other people look at us? We're like monsters from another world. We're deemed abnormal by society. For how long do we have to endure being in the state? Isn't it better to end it now, Sun?” Sun has no clue what happened to Ongsa, but her shaking eyes and trembling voice somehow alleviate her anger. Something must've triggered Ongsa to become this way.

“If you don't like being stared at, we can keep our relationship a secret again.

We can pretend to break up.” Sun tries to figure out the solution. She doesn't want their love to end for this reason. We built this love with our hearts. Why would we let it be destroyed by others…?

“Why should we keep going knowing it's a dead end? We'll break up

eventually. We are impossible. Our families will never accept it. Let it end today. Don't waste our time for nothing, Sun.” A few sentences from Ongsa reignite Sun's anger that subsided earlier.

“Is it a waste of time dating me, Ongsa? When you said our families would

never accept it, did you ever think about telling them first? Did you ever consider fighting for our love? Why are you such a loser? People's stares are enough for you to break up with me? Why are you so weak? Are you going to run away from problems for the rest of your life? Did you never wish to fight for our love? Did you ever wish to try to do something? Why did you give up? Why did you back down this easily? Am I not worth it or important to you? Is that why you can shake me off this easily?” Everything in Sun's mind floods out. She can no longer hold her tears. The sight of a pretty girl in school weeping must be so devastating that you want to comfort her. That doesn't apply to the girl before Sun because Ongsa simply stands there without a word and gazes at Sun with empty eyes. That makes Sun tell herself to give up what she's doing.

“Okay, Ongsa. I got it now. Sorry for bothering you.”

Sun musters all her strength to walk away with a teary face.

After four months of their relationship, Sun has just learned something…

Ongsa is cruel. So cruel.

A few moments after Sun is gone, Ongsa plops on the ground. The tears she's been holding trickle down as she doesn't need to suppress her emotions anymore.

“Because you're so important, so important that I can't selfishly hold you

back with our futureless love.” Ongsa answers Sun's question, though she's not here to listen.

“Ongsa!!”

The two best friends shot simultaneously, seeing their friend's state. When Ongsa told Tinh and Charoen to leave first and talked to Sun alone, they waited nearby since they could feel an odd energy. They were shocked to witness Sun walk off in tears and assumed she fought with Ongsa, so they showed up to ask what had happened. Ongsa's state stunned them even more because she looked worse than Sun.

“Ongsa, what's wrong?”

Tinh asks in worry.

“I broke up with Sun. I really did…”

Ongsa says and cries harder. Tinh comforts her with a hug.

“Calm down, Ongsa. Calm down.”

“I don't want to break up with her, but I can't keep dating her. I can't.”

Ongsa sobs so violently that her friends feel terribly sorry for her.

“I love Sun, but I can't even tell her that. Why was I born a girl? Why is it?

Why? Why are there so many conditions for me to love someone? Why?

Why…?” Ongsa bawls so hard that Charoen embraces her as well. Charoen and Tinh can piece things together from what Ongsa told them yesterday. They were both shocked to hear Ongsa's decision, but they couldn't figure out how to help their friend. This issue is too serious for kids like them to solve.

“You can still be friends after breaking up. It's not like you'll disappear from

each other's lives. You can still love Sun, Ongsa. As a friend, at the least.” Tinh consoles.

“No way. It'll never be the same. Sun hates me now.”

Ongsa says, sobbing.

“Did you tell her why you had to break up with her?”

Onga goes quiet, not answering Charoen's question.

“You didn't, huh?”

“It wouldn't have changed anything. It's no use making her feel guilty with me.

It's better this way.” Tinh and Charoen shake their heads at Ongsa's thought. Because Ongsa is this kind of person-she comes to a conclusion by herself and cares about others more-she has to bear the pain more than anyone.

---Chapter : 15

WHAT I’VE NEVER TOLD YOU 

Have you ever felt like dying because of one sentence…?

That was how Sun felt when Ongsa said, ‘Let's break up,’ with a plain expression as if she talked about general, casual stuff. It was enough to make Sun feel like the sky was falling before her. Sun mustered every bit of her strength to walk away, but the pain trailed right after her.

“Sun, are you okay?”

Deer asks in worry. When Sun came to them in tears yesterday, it took them a while to calm her and get the explanation. Since then, they haven't seen Sun smile once.

“I wonder why she did that. Why does she care about others so much? It's as

if she cares about everyone in the world except me.” Sun vents.

“I'm not rubbing salt to the wound. But I did ask if you were sure you'd date

her. You're both girls. It's hard to be in a relationship. I guess Ongsa couldn't endure the pressure any longer.” Vee says. Again, Sun is reminded that ‘they're both girls.’

“Because we're both girls, does it mean it's not love?”

Sun says as if to blame the world, not asking her friends.

“Love is love, but you need to understand your love isn't acceptable to

everyone. And sometimes, love is not enough.” Kongkwan points out. To be frank, deep down, Kongkwan thinks she understands Ongsa's action. Being in a relationship under people's stares and disapproval isn't an ideal situation, especially for an isolated person like Ongsa. We handle pressure differently. If she was Ongsa, she wouldn't even have the courage to go out with Sun.

Sometimes, Sun feels like a big idiot. Had she not tried to reconnect with Ongsa that day and let her disappear as she wished, she wouldn't have been hurt like this. Sun is left alone again with numerous questions. The cruel person left her in pain without an explanation. Didn't you promise you wouldn't disappear again? Why did you break your promise?

Sun said Ongsa never tried to maintain their love. Ongsa indeed failed, but it doesn't mean she didn't ‘try.’ A week ago, after Ongsa's mother caught her dating a girl and commanded her to break up with Sun, she couldn't bring herself to do it. Ongsa couldn't imagine her life without Sun by her side. Her life was miserable enough at that time, keeping her distance from Sun in fear of getting caught by her mother. Ongsa never wanted to break up with Sun.

Not at all.

“Did you break up with that girl, Ongsa?”

Her mother had greeted her like this for three days instead of saying hello.

Ongsa hadn't broken up with Sun. No. She couldn't do it, to be exact. She couldn't force herself to that extent. Ongsa thought her mother would forget it like her other mistakes if she didn't mention it and act normal. But no…Ongsa was wrong.

“I…”

“You didn't, right? Do I have to deal with it myself?”

“Don't, Mom.”

“You've never acted out, Ongsa. Are you not listening to what I say

anymore?”

“It's not like that, Mom. I… love her.”

Ongsa decided to say it.

“Ongsa, listen to me. You might think it's love because you're still young. You

don't know what love actually is. When you grow up and become more mature, you'll learn love is more complicated. Having good feelings for one another isn't enough for you to be together forever, Ongsa. You and that girl aren't the only people in this world. There are so many things you'll experience and encounter. There are so many people waiting for you. I don't want your mistake at a young age to ruin your future.”

“Even though I'm not an adult, I know what love is. It might not look serious

to you, but let me tell you that I'm absolutely serious. I don't know what the future holds. All I know is I love her. She's a good person. She makes me want to be a better person. I don't know why you're so disgusted with her just because she's a girl like me. Since when did we start judging others by their genders?”

“Ongsa!!”

“Dear, cut it out. Why do you have to stop our kid from dating someone?

They love each other. Why are you forcing her?” Her father couldn't stand their argument after watching them for a while.

“Don't irrationally spoil her. This is not a laughing matter.”

“I don't think it's a laughing matter, but things like this are up to her, right? We

can only raise them physically, dear. We should let her decide for herself when it comes to love.”

“I can't let our kid choose something wrong.”

“Why did you say it was wrong? You don't even know that girl.”

“Save your breath if you're not helping. Don't ruin our kid's future.”

“You're ruining her future. Can't you see how she's been in the past few

days?!” Ongsa's father gets angry as his wife won't listen.

“I don't want her to be a weirdo in people's eyes.”

“People's eyes or yours? If parents are disgusted with their children, how can

you hope others accept them?”

“Don't support her to be abnormal!!”

“Why do you care so much about the kid's love? We don't know if they'll

break up or not.”

“I know they will. Why would they be in a relationship just to be badmouthed

by others?”

“You're selfish. You care about everyone in the world except your daughter's

feelings!!”

“You have no right to say that to me. Don't talk like I don't love my child. You

said I didn't care about her feelings? What about you?! Have you ever cared about my feelings?! How many times does it have to happen to me?!!”

“If you can't make sense, let's stop it here.”

Ongsa didn't expect it to go this far. Her parents had a big fight. For as long as she could remember, she had never seen them fight before. Her heart was overwhelmed with guilt to the point she felt like crying. She was the cause of everything. Ongsa needed to resolve this herself. Ongsa loved Sun dearly.

Ongsa would exchange anything to maintain their love. Anything but…her family.

Ongsa believed their break up would improve her family's situation. It might sound like a stupid idea, but it was the only option she could think of. Even though she knew it wouldn't turn everything to normal, she wasn't shameless enough to selfishly continue dating Sun with the knowledge that it was the cause of her parent's fight. After breaking up with Sun, Ongsa informs her mother that her relationship with Sun is over in the hopes that her parents will quit fighting over this. But no…Her father gets more infuriated, and her mother holds on to her pride. Things get worse. Her parents no longer sleep in the same room, and Ongsa becomes soulless. She barely eats anything. This is too much for a seventeen-year-old girl to take.

Her family is broken, and she hasn't gotten over Sun. No matter what she does or where she goes, Sun is everywhere. Her story with Sun overlaps her thoughts all the time. Ongsa locks herself in her room and keeps reading their chat history, the chat she'll never receive a notification from again. Sun's same old messages aren't different from the first time Ongsa read them, yet they feel dissimilar for some reason. The texts that used to make her smile now put her on the verge of tears. They often cross paths at school. When Ongsa sees Sun, she knows her love has never decreased. It's kind of torture Ongsa has no clue when it'll be over. Ongsa doesn't want to wail to her friends. Tinh and Charoen are worried enough about her.

Ongsa doesn't want to vent on social media. She caught Sun knowing her Twitter account. Ongsa doesn't do anything…and chooses to keep all of her feelings inside. Ongsa doesn't want her feelings to hurt anyone again. Not anymore…

Ongsa isn't the only one feeling terrible. Aor, her mother, also feels awful about the current situation.

“Do you know why I called you here?”

Aor looks at the person asking her with an empty face, though she was slightly surprised that this person suddenly wished to see her at the café like this.

“How am I supposed to know?”

Aor sits on the couch opposite the other person and gives her a ‘stop beating around the bush and get to the point’ look.

“I know about your fight with Nop.”

“How come?”

Aor is relatively surprised. Although they're related, how did her sister, Aum, find out about her family affair?

“Bee gave me a call and begged me to talk to you. Do you know how guilty

she felt for telling you about Ongsa and it nearly destroyed your family? I heard Bing was upset with her.” Aor realizes she made a big mistake by phoning her best friend to consult her about her family, but she had no idea whom to turn to back then. Bee was the only one in her mind since at least she knew everything from the start.

“How can you possibly help me?”

“Hey…Seriously, are you going to let your family in this state because your

daughter is a lesbian?” The word ‘lesbian’ sends chills to the mother's heart. No…Ongsa is a normal kid. Ongsa isn't gay.

“If you called me here to listen to your nonsense, I'm leaving. What a waste

of time.”

“Why? You can't accept the fact that your daughter is a lesbian?”

“Ongsa is normal!!”

“I've never said she's not. Being a lesbian is a preference. It has nothing to do

with normality. No one thinks Ongsa is abnormal. You're the only one thinking of your child that way.”

“How is love between girls normal? How can girls be in love with each

other? It's just confusion. Ongsa is young. She doesn't understand. I don't want her to damage her life with this kind of thing.”

“Love is love, sis. Love is love regardless of gender and age. As parents, we

should watch them from afar, not controlling everything. You should let her decide what to do with her life.”

“I can't stand watching my kid make a wrong decision without doing

anything.”

“How do you know your daughter's decision is wrong?”

“How are two girls supposed to take care of each other?”

“Aren't you getting ahead of yourself? This is love in high school. Besides,

what year is this? We're not in the age where Sukhothai was the capital.

Women no longer have to stay home with their husbands as breadwinners.

I've seen them doing fine without men.”

“It's still a relationship between girls. They're bound to break up eventually.

What a waste of time and feelings.”

“If she dates a boy, are you sure what you're worried about won't happen?”

“What's the point of being in a relationship that will eventually end?”

“Yeah…You're right. We don't know how long kids this age will be dating, so

you need not worry. Ongsa will break up with that girl anyway. Why did you force her now?”

“What if it lasts long?”

“Then you should be happy that your daughter has found someone who truly

loves her. For the record, didn't Ongsa date the girl for some time? Did she change during that time?

Was she still your daughter? Did she do anything disgraceful? Now, go home and see if the sad child is the same old kid of yours.” Aor is cornered by her sister. Aum can argue with everything she says, but Aor won't accept it easily. She won't allow her daughter to date a girl, no matter what.

“Don't try to persuade me. I'm unlike you, who can accept your daughter

dating a girl.”

“Hey! You can't say that. I'm not persuading you or encouraging my niece to

date a girl. I'm talking about this because your child has developed those feelings. You shouldn't control her. I didn't want Aom to like girls, but what could I do when it had happened? Stand in the way of her happiness? Is that something parents should do? I know you have an unpleasant memory about this, but that's you. This is Ongsa. You can't judge her from your own experience.”

“This is what you all think! You think I'm doing this because of that. Right!

It's partly because of it. But won't you consider how a mother would feel seeing her daughter dating another girl? Ongsa is my daughter. I wish the best for her and hope she finds a good person. How long will love between girls last? What will they do when they get old? Who will take care of them?”

“I understand…I used to be like you. I couldn't accept that my only daughter

dated another girl.” Aum composes herself slightly and explains.

“When I found out Aom was in a relationship with a girl, I was lost, not

knowing what to do. I know you're confused right now. I used to be like you.

I once asked myself what to do. But you know what? I could finally answer myself. Think about it. When you're pregnant, you don't know if your child will be a boy or a girl. Then why should you control it when they grow up?

We're mothers. We only want them to be able to take care of themselves. We never hope they look after us when we're old. Why should we expect grandchildren to look after our kids?

You're afraid your daughter won't be happy in the future. Why don't you see if Ongsa is happy right now? I'm not talking to you out of pity for my niece. I'm saying this for you as well. Let go of the past and believe in the present before the past destroys your family. Think carefully about what the most important thing is.” The sister's words leave Aor in silence. Even though she doesn't want to admit it, Aum is right about everything.

Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr The phone on the table vibrates before Aor responds. She checks it to find that it's a call from her eldest daughter.

“What is it, Alpha”

[Mom…Ongsa…] Her ragged voice worries Aor.

“What happened to Ongsa, Alpha? What's wrong?”

[Mom…Ongsa is at the hospital. Hurry up…] Aor drives to the hospital as quickly as the traffic allows and almost hits others cars several times, but nothing is more important to the mother than her daughter. Alpha told her Ongsa grumbled about her stomachache, then it got terribly painful that their father drove her to the hospital. Fortunately, it doesn't take Aor long to reach the hospital as it's a short distance from the café.

“Alpha.”

“Mom!”

“What happened to Ongsa, Alpha? What's wrong?”

“I don't know.”

“Dear, what's wrong with her?”

Aor asks her husband, unable to get the answer from her eldest daughter. At this moment, Ongsa is more important than her pride.

“I don't know. The doctor is examining her. No relatives are allowed inside.”

Right then, the ER door is open. A hospital staff pushes out the bed with Ongsa curling on it. A man in a white gown steps up next to it.

“Take her to the operating room and tell Dr. Krirk to be extra careful with

this case.” The male doctor tells the nurse.

“Yes, Doc.”

The nurse acknowledges the order and tells the staff to transfer Ongsa there.

The doctor turns to Ongsa's family. They all have the same question in mind.

“Please follow me…Only the parents.”

The doctor says and leads them somewhere. Nop and Aor quickly follow him until he stops in front of a room, presumably his office.

“Take a seat.”

The owner of the room invites his guests to the couch opposite him. Once they settle down as requested, the doctor speaks to Aor.

“Were you shocked it was me? It's actually not my shift. Nop called me, so I

examined her instead of the doctor on shift.”

“What's wrong with Ongsa, Dr. Vich.”

Aor admits she was shocked to see this doctor, but what she wants to know isn't why he was the one examining Ongsa. She wants to learn about her daughter's illness.

“I need both of you to brace yourself and listen to me carefully.”

“...”

“If I said Ongsa doesn't have much time left to live, what would you do?”

It's like lightning strikes the parents' hearts…

“What do you mean, vich? What's wrong with my child?!!”

“What happened to her, Dr. Vich? You have to help her.”

The doctor smiles softly at the couple's reactions. They're not different from what he expected.

“I wish I could be like a doctor in a TV drama, but I'm not good at acting.

Ongsa has appendicitis that requires surgery. I've assigned a more skilled doctor to operate on her. It won't last long. Around an hour.”

“Why did you mention death?!”

Nop growls. His daughter's life is not a joke.

“Had she been sent here slightly later, it wouldn't have been a laughing

matter, Nop.” Dr. Vich looks at Nop and Aor back and forth with unreadable eyes.

“I said to remind you what's important.”

“...”

“When you consulted me about your family issue over the phone, I planned to

meet up with you and Mrs. Aor. I never thought it would be in this situation, though.”

“What are you trying to say?”

Aor asks. She's hurt that her husband told someone else about their problem, but she wants to know more about what Dr. Vich is implying.

“Think of the moment you thought you'd lose your child. At that moment, was

it important that your daughter dated a girl? Would you still fight in front of her? What's more important? Don't overlook it.” They're hit with the truth. Dr. Vich hits the nail on the head to the point the couple turns to each other.

“Mrs. Aor…Could I call you Aor? Please allow me to call you this even if

we're not close. I know it's been eating at you, but I think it's time you learn the whole truth today. Yes, Nop and I used to be in a relationship, and our families forced us to break up.” Aor sits quietly in surprise, not expecting Dr. Vich to bring it up. Nop also stares at Dr. Vich in perplexity, but when he sees the seriousness in his eyes, he lets Dr. Vich go on.

“I was sent to study in college abroad and knew Nop was getting married

when I got back. I actually knew before I returned that your families arranged your date. Throughout the time you dated and got married, I was hoping it was all against Nop's will. You know, when I came back to him on your wedding day, I found the reflection in his eyes was no longer me but his bride. I should've known from the start no one could force Nop to do anything that easily. Otherwise, my family wouldn't've gone as far as to send me abroad to separate us. I know you've been skeptical about this, but rest assured. Nop married you out of love. I'm just his past. You might view homosexual people as tomboys, transgender people, gays, and lesbians, but that's not always the case. Nop was a hundred percent straight. He simply once fell for me, a man, in one period of his life. The same goes for Ongsa.

She might be into someone that is a girl, but it doesn't mean she's a lesbian or anything. Even if she is, isn't she still your daughter? I'm not saying this because I was once hurt. I'm saying this as an uncle that never wishes to see the little girl sad. Think of the moment you believed you'd lose your child. Was there anything more important than Ongsa's happiness at that time? I'm a doctor. I've witnessed things like this often. Life is unpredictable. Don't wait until that moment.”

“...”

Upon those words, Nop and Aor fall into silence. Nop knows his wife has been bugged by this when she discovered his past with Dr. Vich because his drunk friend teased them on the wedding day. Nop didn't want to dig it up as it wasn't a pleasant topic. He broke up with Dr. Vich two years before his family arranged his date with Aor. Nop opposed it at first, but something in this woman changed his feelings. His relationship with Dr. Vich ended ages ago, and they've been good friends since his return. Aor was always upset with it to the point Nop considered it irrational, so he tried to contact Dr.

Vich less to avoid problems. After listening to the lengthy explanation of her husband's ex-lover, something in Aor's heart is unlocked. For twenty years of their marriage, why wouldn't she know Nop loves her? He's shown her clearly that he does. Nop is a great husband, a great father, and a great leader of the family. However, she's never been a hundred percent certain if he hid someone in the deepest part of his heart. It's one of the reasons why Aor tries to create the belief that same-sex relationships never last long. Deep down, she was scared…to accept that she wasn't the only one in her husband's heart…

“I've said all I wanted to say. Please excuse me.”

Dr. Vich exits the office, leaving the couple on the couch. Shortly after Dr.

Vich has left, Aor bursts into tears. All emotions are too overwhelming to bear. Nop watches his wife sob heavily, and the image of the girl he fell in love with overlaps the sight in his feelings. He slowly drapes his arms around his wife and strokes her head as he used to.

“It's okay, Aor…I'm here.”

Ongsa has missed school for two days. Sun doesn't want to notice it, but she can't help it. Even though they've broken up, and she's the one who got dumped, Sun has no idea why she keeps herself posted about Ongsa. It's not wrong to miss her after breaking up, right…?

“All right. If no one has anything more to share, the meeting is over. Thank

you for your cooperation. The student council members, we'll have another meeting in ten minutes.” Peem, the school president, announces another meeting with the student council to discuss additional details after they had one with the Sports Day committee. But…

“Peem, I need to leave first today. I have to visit my friend at the hospital.”

Tinh says.

“Who?”

“Ongsa, the palanquin girl.”

“Oh…go ahead. It's okay. There's nothing much. I'll share the minutes in the

group chat later.”

“Okay. Thanks.”

Right…There's not much left to discuss in the meeting. They'll just ask for each other opinions on certain things. It's okay if Tinh isn't here, but the person who doesn't look okay is the girl who has frozen since she heard Ongsa was at the hospital.

“Sun.”

“...”

Sun turns toward Tinh's voice, giving no reply.

“Do you want to visit Ongsa together?”

“What's wrong with her?”

Sun shows her interest in that cruel person before she can stop herself.

“She had an operation for appendicitis. She needs to be admitted for one

week. Charoen and I are visiting her. Do you want to go with us?”

“...No. She probably doesn't want to see me.”

Tinh sighs at Sun's answer. It's hard to be a middleman. Tinh doesn't want their friends' relationship to end this way. At least Sun should be aware of Ongsa's pain. I'm sorry, Ongsa.I guess I have to break my promise. Tinh drags Sun out of the meeting room and leads her to the empty left balcony.

“Sun, do you know why Ongsa broke up with you?”

Tinh shoots the question at Sun when he's sure there's no one else.

“...”

Sun doesn't understand why Tinh is bringing this up.

“She talked about how she was afraid society wouldn't accept you, didn't

she?” Tinh guesses. Judging from Sun's expression, Tinh believes he's correct.

“I bet she didn't tell you her mom found out about she was dating a girl.”

“Huh?!”

Sun reacts this time.

“She also never told you her mom was super homophobic, right? Even I need

to act manly in her mom's presence.”

“Why didn't she tell me? Why did she leave me with no explanation? She

acted like my feelings were nothing.”

“She probably didn't want you to feel guilty.”

“Why?”

“Her parents had an insanely big fight because of your relationship with her.

They almost divorced. That was why she broke up with you. It's not that you're unimportant to her. But if Ongsa had to choose between love and family, she'd choose family.” Sun still refuses to visit Ongsa with Tinh in the end. She doesn't know what status she is to be there or how she should act in front of Ongsa. More importantly, it would be a big problem if Ongsa's mother spotted her. Still, Sun is Sun. She eventually can't bear her worry. Three days later, Sun carries the summary notes for the exam-copies from her friend-and materials from other subjects to the hospital and stands in front of the recovery room with the number the nurse told her. The final exam starts next week. She doesn't know if Ongsa will heal in time, but at least she should study for it.

That's why Sun brought everything. However, she has no courage to enter the recovery room. She's been standing there for three minutes now.

“Are you here to visit Ongsa?”

Someone's voice startles Sun. Good thing she doesn't drop her stuff on the floor, or else it'd be a struggle to pick up everything. Sun turns to the source of the voice and finds a middle-aged woman standing behind her.

“Why don't you come in, dear?”

Ongsa's mother? It must be. They resemble each other.

“I…I brought her these materials for the exam.”

“Oh, get in, then, Ongsa is probably awake. She's been sleeping since noon.”

“I shouldn't bother her. Let her rest. I have an errand after this. Could you

pass these to her?” Sun holds out the sheets. The woman accepts them compliantly and urges her to enter, but Sun declines and excuses herself. Aor opens the door of the recovery room to find the patient gazing out the window in a daze.

“When did you wake up?”

The question lets Ongsa know she's no longer alone.

“A while ago.”

“Are you hungry? I bought you congee.”

Ongsa has to eat only light food right now. But since the hospital meals aren't to her liking, Aor buys something else for her daughter. She doesn't know it's not because the food tastes horrible. Ongsa has simply lost her appetite.

“I'm not hungry.”

“You still need to eat, dear. You didn't eat that much at noon. Oh, your friend

asked me to give me those to you.” Aor hands a pile of sheets from the girl in front of the room to Ongsa. The girl is oddly familiar , though Aor has never met her daughter's other friends besides Charoen and Tinh. Ongsa takes the sheets from her, wondering whose they are and how that person met her mother.

“Who asked you to do this, Mom? Tinh?”

“No. I don't know who she is. She was standing in front of the room. I told

her to get in, but she had an errand, so she asked me to pass them to you.” Ongsa tries to think who would be so kind as to bring her the materials to study for the exam besides Tinh and Charoen.

…Sun… Ongsa shakes the ridiculous thought off her head. There's no way Sun would've come here for her. She wouldn't even look at her when they stumbled across each other at school. At the thought of Sun, Ongsa is overwhelmed with sadness again. The doctor said it'd take three to six months for her surgical wound to heal, but Ongsa has no clue how long it'll take for the wound in her heart to heal.

“Ongsa.”

“Yes…Yes, Mom?”

Her mother's voice brings her back to reality.

“Why do you like her, that girl?”

“Pardon?”

“The girl named Sun.”

“I…”

“Tell me. I want to know.”

As her mother's voice and expression are calmer than usual, Ongsa has the courage to answer.

“I didn't have romantic feelings for her at first. I admired her because she

was good-looking and popular. But when I got to know her, I learned she was much more than her looks. She was talkative and good at her tasks. She also took care of others well. I didn't know why I liked her. I just fell for her one day. I knew I shouldn't feel that way since we were both girls. I tried to get over her but failed. At last, we agreed to go out. A versatile girl like her and a lousy girl like me aren't an ideal match, but I love her. I really do, Mom…” Ongsa feels a lump in her chest again at the mention of Sun.

“If you love someone, you have to take good care of them, okay? If you want

to be in a relationship, you must look after each other and never encourage misbehaviors.”

“Eh…?”

Ongsa can't comprehend her mother's indication.

“Be with whom you wish to be with. I won't stop you anymore. From now

on, I won't stop you from loving anyone as long as they're good people.”

“Mom…”

---Chapter : 16

I’M SORRY

By the time Ongsa is discharged, the final exam season has arrived.

Fortunately, Tinh and Charoen have helped her with assignments. The teachers understand her reason and necessity. All in all, Ongsa only has to complete every quiz later, but the question she can't answer is who brought those sheets to her at the hospital. Her two best friends insist they're clueless.

Ongsa wishes she could believe it was Sun, but it wasn't her handwriting.

Looking back to what she has done to Sun, she can't fully hope Sun is the owner of the materials. It's great that her mother has accepted her relationship with Sun, but the problem is Ongsa doesn't know how to push herself to make up with her. Ongsa knows her action was awfully selfish. Sun did nothing wrong. She shouldn't've had to suffer from all of this, but Ongsa had no idea what to do back then. Ongsa couldn't let her family crumble down because of herself.

She also considers not making up with Sun. Sun is a great person and a great girlfriend. She deserves someone who can take care of her better. Someone better than her…

“The final exam is over!”

Tinh shouts and tosses the sheets all over the area in front of the classroom.

Ongsa also wants to jump for joy with her friends if not for her surgical wound.

“Ongsa…”

Ongsa turns toward the voice.

“Oh…Bing.”

The middle school girl walks to her close senior. Bing meant to confess to Ongsa several days ago, but Ongsa was admitted for a week and got discharged during the final exam season. Bing didn't want to bother her during that time. Since this is the last day of the exam, Bing goes straight to Ongsa at her classroom as soon as it's over.

“How are you?”

“I've gotten better, but the doctor told me to not move much. The internal

wound hasn't healed.” Ongsa smiles at the younger girl, thinking Bing is here to check on her.

“I'm sorry.”

The little girl says with a sad face.

“For what?”

Ongsa wonders.

“Aunt Aor found out about you and Sun because of me. I'm sorry, Ongsa.”

“Eh?”

As mentioned before, Bing is here to confess to Ongsa. Since her mother told her she accidentally revealed Ongsa's relationship with Sun to Aor, Bing has been worried enough. When she knew Ongsa had broken up with Sun, she felt even more guilty. Had she not liked that photo, her mother wouldn't have seen it. Had her mother not told Ongsa's mother, her close senior wouldn't have been in trouble like this.

Sometimes Sun wishes she could hate Ongsa so she doesn't have to suffer from these mixed feelings. Her brain forces her to forget like crazy, yet her heart misses her all the time… Ongsa has been discharged. Sun discovered it from Tinh's and Charoen's posts on social media. You can say Sun has been snooping on Ongsa's life. Despite what Ongsa has done to her, Sun is still worried about her. Due to this worry that she can't express, she decides to do something ridiculous, which is… Pretending to walk past Ongsa's classroom because she wants to see her face… An intentional coincidence.

“I'm sorry. Don't be mad at me, please.”

“It's all because of you, naughty girl.”

“I know I did wrong…That's why I'm here to apologize.”

“Do you know how many liters of tears I shed?”

“Ah…I didn't mean to, Ongsa. Please don't be mad.”

“What should I do with you, naughty girl?”

“Forgive me. Don't be upset. Let's make up, Ongsa.”

“Yeah…All right, then.”

“Yeah? You're the best. I love you.”

“I love you too, naughty girl.”

The sight of Ongsa ruffling the middle school girl might look adorable to others, but not to someone who dragged herself here to check on her ex's condition like Sun. Sun has come to check on Ongsa out of worry, shamelessly pretending to use this path with no reason just to see her, yet she has to witness her with someone else. Sun feels like she's going crazy when Ongsa smiles at that girl. Who is that kid? Why is she so close to Ongsa?

Sun's thoughts run wild. Upon hearing the last words, Sun loses it.

“Didn't you say your family forbids you from dating girls? Isn't it why you

broke up with me? Is this the reason? So this is what it is, huh? You could've just told me the truth. I don't want to be more stupid than I already am.” Sun marches in and lashes at Ongsa amid the half number of students of that class, unable to restrain herself. After saying that, Sun pulls herself together and realizes she shouldn't be here. Sun spins around and strides off, but Ongsa rapidly seizes her arm. Sun's infuriation drives her to shake her arm really hard from Ongsa's grip, forgetting that her body hasn't fully recovered.

“Ouch!”

Sun turns around upon hearing Ongsa's shout. The hand on Sun's arm is now holding the surgical wound of its owner.

“Hear me out first, Sun.”

Ongsa pleads, her face showing the pain from the wound.

“What's your lie now?”

“I'm not going to lie. I've never lied. Bing is the daughter of my mom's

friend.”

“Hi, Sun. Ongsa and I aren't dating. Please don't misunderstand.”

BOOM!

Sun has severely lost face.

“Let's talk.”

Embarrassed, Sun allows Ongsa to take her hand and lead her away from the area. The classmates watch them in curiosity until they're out of sight.

“What the fuck are you looking at? You all are nosy pieces of shit. The exam

is over. Go home!” Tinh yells at the top of his lungs to draw attention. Sun's outburst will undoubtedly be the talk of the town. Tinh has just learned how jealous she is.

How frightening. He hopes Ongsa successfully makes up with her.

“Sun.”

Ongsa starts as soon as she's dragged Sun to an empty balcony.

“...”

“I…”

Now that they're here, the cat has gotten Ongsa's tongue. It's probably because Ongsa hasn't prepared for this. She doesn't know what to say. But if she doesn't speak, she has no idea when she'll have another chance.

“If I'm here just to listen to you stuttering, I'm leaving”

Sun is about to turn around, so Ongsa bursts out to hold her back.

“My mom permits me to date girls now!”

She says, finally.

“So what?”

“Can…we start over, Sun?”

Ongsa asks in a whisper, but it echoes across Sun's heart.

“...Why do you think I'd get back together with you?”

“You were jealous earlier.”

“Who was jealous?!”

“Okay, okay. You weren't. But can we get back together, Sun? I'm sorry. I

know it's selfish to say this. I know I'm a lousy girlfriend. Can you give me another chance, though? I promise I'll do better.” Ongsa's feelings gush out. Ongsa once hoped Sun found someone better, but she realized she couldn't take it. She can't stand seeing Sun with someone else, so Ongsa will be a better person for her…if Sun gives her a chance.

“It's an empty promise. Do you know how hurt it is for the person who

believes in it?”

“...”

“You asked for another chance back then. You promised you wouldn't

disappear again.”

“...”

“If you can't keep your promise, it'll mean nothing, Ongsa.”

“Sun…I'm sorry.”

“I told you I didn't want to hear this.”

“I didn't know what to do back then. Everything was confusing.”

“So you decided to leave me without a word of explanation? You know, I'm

not mad that you chose your family. I understand it's a big problem, but it hurts that you left me without telling me the reason. We were dating, Ongsa. Why did you always make decisions on your own when you had problems? Why did you never consider my feelings? Even if the only solution was to break up, we could've ended it on good terms, not making me a stupid person who knew nothing.”

“...”

“I don't want to get back together with you, Ongsa.”

“Sun…”

“I don't want to experience those things again. It was insanely painful, you

know?” Ongsa knows that. Why wouldn't she? She was hurt as well.

“It was like my feelings meant nothing and you didn't care how I'd feel. To

me, love is a big deal. Everything about love isn't a joke. It's not easy to love or stop loving someone. If I'm not important enough, don't hold me back. I'm tired…I'm tired of running after you. I'm tired of being the only one maintaining our love. It hurt that you acted like our love meant nothing and that you could shake it off whenever you wished like it was a piece of trash. If our love is so exhausting…let's end it here.”

“No!”

Ongsa shouts so loud Sun is startled.

“...”

The sick girl clenches her fists tremblingly. Ongsa tries to suppress her emotions and says what she wants to say.

“...I can't lose you again. I've never wanted to turn my back on you. Never.

What was I supposed to do in a situation where my hands were tied? I admit I was selfish for telling you nothing. I was an idiot. I admit everything. I don't want you to run after me like before. I hope you stop and wait for me to step toward you. Please don't run away from me…I don't want to lose you again.” Sun didn't give Ongsa an answer that day, saying she wasn't ready to ponder it now. Although it wasn't what Ongsa wished to hear, it was better than Sun demanding to leave her alone. Ongsa knows it's not easy to get back together with Sun, but she won't give up, no matter how challenging. Sun has tried so much for her. It's time for Ongsa to try for her now.

“A bunch of them. I'm unsure if they're here for the camp or to hit on Sun.”

[Well…Does it seem like Sun is into anyone?]

“Ugh!! Hey! It's only been half a day. Sun isn't gasoline. Sparks don't fly that

easily.” [I'm Just asking. Still, you have to obstruct them from getting close to Sun.]

“Yeah. How nice for you. I'm here as camp staff. Now I'm a human barrier as

well, huh?” [Can't you do it for your friend?]

“I can, my dearest friend. If any boy approaches Sun, I'll catch him and eat

his insides. I'm hanging up. Gotta get to work. Text me if you need anything.” [Okay. Thanks, Tinh.]

“Yeah, yeah. Later. Byeeeee.”

Tinh ends the call. Ongsa stares at her bright screen in worry. Her phone wallpaper is a photo of Sun, but she has no idea if the girl's heart still belongs to her. Sun is at the volunteer camp, the student council's traditional activity every semester. Ongsa didn't participate this time. Her family wouldn't allow her to, no matter how hard she begged, because her surgical wound hadn't healed. It was the first time since their fallout that Ongsa had seen her parents united this vigorously.

Ongsa isn't at the camp, while Sun is there and completely single. It significantly worries Ongsa. It was evident how many people hit on Sun in the previous camps. This time, loads of them must volunteer to mend her broken heart like maniacs. And from what Tinh told her over the phone earlier, Ongsa knows she's not overthinking it at all.

“Do you think Sun still loves me?”

Ongsa asks the creature sitting next to her.

“Woof!”

“Hey! Give me some encouragement.”

“Woof, woof.”

You don't need to guess whom Ongsa is talking to. In this room, there are one girl and another creature that destroyed someone else's love. Fortunately, Ongsa doesn't know Latte was the reason her mother caught her dating Sun.

The little doggie would've been grilled otherwise.

“I didn't mean to do that. You know I had no choice. What do I do to convince

Sun to get back together with me? Help me think.”

“Woof!”

“You're such a useless dog. Should I dump you?”

“Woof!”

Ongsa tries every way she can. Texting, calling, and so on. She spends her short school break figuring out how to make up with Sun, but nothing works.

Sun is more stubborn than expected. She refuses to pick up the phone or reply to her texts. Luckily, no one won her heart at the volunteer camp. Thanks to Tinh for being a great human barrier. Ongsa has planned to treat Tinh and Charoen to a meal.

It was a struggle to make up with Sun during the school break. Now that school has started, it's getting worse. Ongsa decided to make up with her in person, face-to-face, when school started, believing it'd be easier to convince Sun than with texts and stickers that received no reply. But no…The struggle amps up at school because Sun's friends are determined to keep Ongsa at least two meters away from Sun. Every time Ongsa goes to Sun, her friends glare holes in her. Ongsa understands them, though. Considering what she's done, it's reasonable that Sun's friends are upset.

“You always need your friends' help to make up with your girl.”

Tinh grumbles, walking toward the target before him.

“Come on. Please help me.”

Ongsa says sheepishly.

“Are we not helping by accompanying you?”

Charoen chimes in. The three best friends bicker until they reach Sun's classroom. Charoen and Tinh push, shove, and kick Ongsa in an attempt to get her inside. Why the hell did she drag her friends here to chicken out and flee?

“Sun…Can you come out and talk?”

Ongsa asks, craning her neck inside.

“No!”

Someone shouts in a harsh voice, and it's not Sun. It's one of her friends that surround her like a princess's bodyguards.

“Please let Sun talk to her. Just once. After that, I promise I'll drag her back

and won't let her bother Sun again.” Charoen offers. Either out of pity for Ongsa or Charoen and Tinh, Sun tells her friends she will talk it out with Ongsa. As it's Sun's decision, they let her exit the room.

“What is it?”

Sun talks to Ongsa in front of the classroom, with their friends watching from afar.

“I want to talk to you in person. You didn't pick up my calls or reply to my

texts.”

“We're talking now. Say what you have to say.”

Sun speaks evenly with no hint of annoyance or irritation. Sun actually shows no emotions, and it disheartens Ongsa even more.

“Won't you forgive me for real? Are you still mad at me?”

“I'm no longer mad at you. I forgave you long ago.”

“If so, why didn't you reply?”

“I said I wasn't mad…but I didn't say I'd come back to you.”

“Are you really going to break up with me?”

“You broke with me.”

“You said you weren't mad anymore.”

“I'm not mad, but coming back to you is another matter.”

“Don't you love me anymore?”

The short sad sentence shakes Sun's heart.

“I don't want to be hurt again.”

She says more softly than before.

“I'm sorry…I let go of your hand back then because I had no choice. I can

choose who to love now, and I choose you. Please give me another chance.”

“My feelings aren't the same, Ongsa. I won't deny that I still love you, but I

really can't get back together with you.”

“Give me a chance, then. Give me a chance to make it right. Give me a

chance to bring back your feelings. It's not that my actions didn't affect me.

It's not that I wasn't hurt. But I can't fix the past, so I'm asking for a chance to make it up to you. It might sound selfish, but I don't know what to do anymore. I've finally been granted an opportunity to love you unconditionally. If we break up, we should break up because our relationship doesn't work, not because of this. I don't want to lose you without doing anything. I'm begging you. At least let me try…”

“...”

The short school break passed by in the blink of an eye. Some hadn't rested fully. Some hadn't fixed their grades. Some…

Some hadn't organized their feelings. The one month of reflecting on what happened seemed to be a wasteful month because Sun still had no clue what to do with her life. Everything that had happened was absolutely confusing.

When the whole school knew she had broken up with Ongsa, a bunch of students started flirting with her. Plus, there were more than before she dated Ongsa, both boys and girls, but Sun wasn't interested in any of them. She didn't love easily. Sun indeed considered dating someone else at times to get things simpler, but she couldn't since her heart was still tied to the same person.

The one month of confusion was the month Ongsa tried to reconcile with her.

Sun actually admired her attempts. Even though she never answered, Ongsa kept calling her. Even though she never replied, Ongsa kept texting her to say goodnight. Did it soften Sun's heart? It did the first time she saw Ongsa's face, but what could she have done? Sun is glad Ongsa tried to make up with her but afraid to start over again at the same time. Ongsa has let go of her hand twice already.

On the first time, Ongsa left her with questions and confusion. On the second time, Ongsa left her in devastation.

There's no guarantee that if Sun comes back to Ongsa… she won't repeat her mistake for the third time…

Does she still love Ongsa? Yes. But if love comes with pain…

Sun prefers ending it here. Right…That's Sun's decision. However, she feels shaken because Ongsa visits her classroom every day.

“Sun, you don't have class?”

Sun, deep in thought, is startled by the voice and turns to Pinky. The new member of the student council enters the room. As the head of the activity division moved out, Peem, the school president, asked Pinky, his classmate, to take her place. The other members didn't object since. Pinky is one of the outstandingly active students.

“The teachers for two periods were absent, so I figured I'd wrap up the year

end documents to send to the affairs division.”

“How diligent. That's why you ranked third in our grade. You're smart, pretty,

and active. You must've done numerable good deeds in the past life.”

“What about you? You don't have class?”

Sun asks. Even though they've started working together as the student council recently, they're close to some extent as they're both active students.

“It's Mr. Narongsak's class. He took the marching band to perform

somewhere, so I'm free. Well, I slept late last night. I'm super sleepy. I came here to take a nap.”

“Go ahead. Do you need a pillow? It's behind the paper box in that corner.”

Sun points in that direction. The student council room is their escape place.

It's normal that they have a pillow ready.

“Yeah. Great.”

Pinky searches for the pillow as Sun suggested. She finds a pillow and a blanket someone left here.

“Hey, Sun, can I ask you something?”

The girl, who claimed she was super sleepy, initiates a conversation with the girl working on the documents after setting her napping spot on the couch.

“What is it?”

“I know I shouldn't ask about this, but I don't know who else to ask. I think

you're the only one in the school that can answer me. We happened to be alone together today, so I might as well ask away. But now that I think about it, I don't know if I should ask you. I…”

“Just ask. I'll answer if I can.”

Sun smiles in adoration at Pinky's confusing words. She's always been this way since they knew each other. When she's revved up, her confidence skyrockets to the sky. When she's shy, she becomes terribly timid.

“Why did you like Ongsa?”

That explains why Pinky hesitated to ask.

“I'm not sticking my nose in your business. I mean, the situation was similar

to mine. I wonder what I should do.”

“How is it similar? A girl is hitting on you?”

“No…No girls are hitting on me, but I…”

“...?”

“...I'm hitting on a girl.”

“Huh?!!”

This is totally unexpected.

“She's my neighbor. I've had a crush on her for some time, but she doesn't

seem interested in me. I wonder how to make girls fall in love. I know your relationship with Ongsa didn't end well, but my story is seemingly about to end before it even starts.” Looking at Pinky's downhearted expression, Sun can't help but feel sorry for her. How important is this person to have the power to sadden Pinky, who's always energetic as if she has ten energy drinks a day?

“I didn't start hitting on her. I also don't know what to do.”

“When Ongsa hit on you, what did she do?”

Pinky looks innocently excited like she really wants the answer.

“She…texted me to say goodnight every day…”

Sun slowly recalls why she fell for Ongsa. Right. Why? An ordinary girl with ordinary looks. A girl with nothing interesting. How did she intrigue Sun that much? I was probably…

“I lost to her persistence. I lost to her ordinariness. I lost to the way she made

me special every time I was with her.” Sun finally replies to her friend, including answering her heart why she loves Ongsa so much.

“Is it because I'm too extraordinary that she doesn't like me? I must be too

pretty, Sun. What do I do?” Those cheeky words come from the person curling into the blanket in contemplation. This is Pinky. Her confidence is beyond imagination. She's not lying, though, because she's as pretty as she claimed.

“Aren't you afraid your family will find out you're into girls?”

“I asked them.”

“Huh?!”

“I've told my family I like her. My parents were shocked but didn't kick a fuss

since she was a really great person.” Oh…It can be that easy at times, apparently. Sun's story is nowhere as simple.

“Will her family be able to accept it? Let's say you've won her heart.”

“I don't know. Even if they can't, I'll make them accept us. I've had a crush on

her for three years, Sun. If she goes out with me, I'll run away with her if her family disapproves of us.”

“Seriously?”

“Seriously not serious…”

Unbelievable!!

“... It's freaking hard to win her heart. If we end up together, I won't give up

just because her family opposes it.”

“What if she's unwilling to fight? What would you do?”

“Oh, right…”

The girl goes silent and mulls over it for a moment before replying with a smile.

“If she doesn't fight, I'll fight for her. I mean, given her personality, it's no

surprise that she refuses to fight. I'll try in her stead. I'll cry in front of her house until her parents give her to me.”

“How nice to be you. You don't overthink.”

“You think I'm illogical, right?”

“No.”

Sun actually thinks she is a little.

“It's in the future. I don't want to get ahead of myself. Love isn't a business.

Why would you overthink it? Just use your heart. If it's not right at the end, it's still what your heart wants.” If it's not right at the end, it's still what your heart wants…?

Throughout the first month of school, the student council has been swamped with piles of work. This period was usually time to practice cheering for Sports Day. But since it was held in the last semester, it's now a free period for all students. Regardless, it's not a free period for the student council.

“Mr. Surang said we need to wash the Santa and Santee costumes first. The

marching band borrowed them for their performance and didn't wash them.” Tinh says before the student council members in the room.

Their most hectic tasks are the year end festivals, Christmas Day and New Year's Day. That's why all members are present here.

“Where? I'll go get them.”

Pinky volunteers. According to the latest meeting, she was assigned to oversee the Christmas festival. Therefore, this should be her responsibility.

“Probably at the marching band room. Sun and I will fetch them.”

Tinh says.

“Me?”

Sun asks in surprise.

“You have to deliver the order books, right? Let Pinky deal with something

else.”

“Oh, right.”

Sun now remembers a teacher from an administrative officer asking her and Tinh to deliver the order books to the teachers. It means they need to go there anyway. Tinh and Sun arrive at the marching band room. It's a storeroom, to be accurate, a huge room with a row of lockers dividing instrumentals and costumes.

“Where's everyone?”

Sun asks, noticing the marching band room, that's usually occupied, is so quiet with no living creatures.

“What do we do, Tinh? I don't know where the costumes are.”

“Wait a sec. I'll call Non.”

Tinh mentions the head of the marching band and phones him.

“Hello…I'm in the room now. Oh…Yeah, yeah, okay. Hanging up.”

Tinh ends the call and speaks to Sun.

“They're far inside. In a red box near the clothes rack.”

“I see.”

Sun nods, and they both walk farther inside to find the costumes.

“Whoa, Non! You son of a bitch!”

Tinh cusses once he's reached the far end of the costume section and found a dozen plastic boxes. And they're all…red.

The student council duo removes the lids of each box to look for their possessions. Meanwhile, there are footsteps indicating someone is entering the room. Tinh and Sun don't care about them since people use this room regularly.

“Shan.”

“Ongsa.”

“Why did you call me here?”

Ongsa asks in puzzlement. The pretty junior, the latest school drum major, suddenly called her, saying she needed her advice. She even said she didn't want to talk over the phone and asked her to meet in person. Despite her skepticism, Ongsa thought it would be mean to decline. Shan hesitates for a long moment before speaking.

“Can we talk inside? I don't want anyone to hear us.”

“Hmm?”

Ongsa looks confused, yet she lets the junior takes her hand and leads her into the room.

“Well…I have something to tell you.”

“What is it?”

“You broke up with Sun, right?”

“...”

Ongsa feels this is not right. Why did Shan bring this up out of the blue?

“Then…Will you go out with me? I like you.”

“Shan…”

At a loss for words. That's the perfect phrase to describe Ongsa's expression.

“I really like you. Since Sports Day. I didn't confess back then because you

were dating Sun. You're single now. Can you give me a chance? Even though I'm not pretty as Sun, I really like you.”

“Shan, I…”

Ongsa is reluctant, unsure how to respond. The pretty girl's confession doesn't make her heart flutter, but it's quite a shock to be confessed to by her close junior.

“I know you still love her. I won't ask you to forget her, but you can't be stuck

in the past. You should begin again with someone new.” Shan says. She rests her slender hands on Ongsa's shoulders and pushes her against the locker behind her. The popular tenth grader, the latest school drum major, slowly leans closer…until Ongsa can hear her breath. Shan slides her hands from Ongsa's shoulders to her neck. Ongsa no longer functions. The younger girl still leans closer until they're only one palm apart. Her whisper is loud enough in this quiet room as she speaks to the older girl.

“...Give me a chance to take care of you.”

“No!!”

Ongsa thinks she didn't say that, and neither did Shan. When she glances around, she gets chills upon finding the owner of the harsh voice stepping out of the other side and staring at her with eyes that show she's ready to go berserk anytime soon.

Sun never expected to be the witness in the confession scene. Plus, the main characters were her close junior and ex-girlfriend. Sun didn't mean to peek, but everything froze for a moment when she saw the younger girl entering the room with Ongsa. And when she heard the conversation and saw the pretty junior leaning closer to almost kiss Ongsa, Sun lost it. Before she knew it, she stepped out to face them.

“Take your hands off my girl.”

Sun tries her best to compose herself, but it's terribly hard when Shan's hands are still on Ongsa's neck.

“Sun…”

“I told you to take your hands off my girlfriend.”

“But you two broke up. You have no right to say that.”

The girl's slightly challenging eyes and provoking words infuriates Sun even more.

“I have the right, of course, because we're back together now. Am I right,

Ongsa?”

“Huh?”

Ongsa looks stupefied.

“Am I right?!”

Sun repeats aloud, glowering at Ongsa.

“Ah…Yeah, yeah.”

Ongsa plays along. Given the situation, if Ongsa declined, Charoen would need to call her grandpa to reserve a funeral hall for her after she left the room.

“You heard it, Shan. Now take your hands off my girlfriend.”

“Are you getting back together with her, Ongsa?”

The younger girl asks the older one.

“Yeah.”

Ongsa nods.

“Well, then…love each other for a long time, okay?”

The girl tells Sun after releasing Ongsa's neck. She then walks off as if nothing has happened, leaving the rest of them in confusion. Had Ongsa and Sun looked carefully, they would've noticed a brief smirk on the face of the girl who has just left.

“Why are you always flirting with others?”

The enemy is gone, leaving Ongsa to get interrogated by the police.

ᴛʜᴇ ᴇɴᴅ

---Chapter : 17

EXTRA

“Tinh”

“Oh, Shan, you're here? Come and sit down.”

“What's the matter? I won't be a palanquin girl again. I was once and got

forced to be a drum major.”

“No. It's not about the student council. I have a favor to ask of you.”

“What is it?”

“Hit on Ongsa.”

“Huh?!”

“Not for real. I want you to pretend to hit on Ongsa.”

“Are you pranking her?”

“No. I'm helping her.”

Tinh then told the pretty junior his plan. Shan was the closest to Ongsa when they participated in the parade. This plan must succeed.

“What if there's someone else in the marching band room?”

“I'll tell Non no one must be in the room during the cheering practice period.

Take Ongsa to that area, and I'll give you a signal. Put your phone on vibrate.

When your phone buzzes, take her inside, okay?

“Are you sure Sun will be jealous?”

“Of course. She's super jealous. She might not admit she still loves Ongsa

like before, but, trust me, her jealousness is as limitless as ever. Haha.” 

OK! THE END, FOR REAL THIS TIME 


---Special Chapter : 1

Special Chapter

“Ongsa.”

“Oh, here you are.”

“Did you wait long?”

“No. I just got here. Alpha is shopping. She'll be right back.”

Speaking of the devil.

“Sun, did you wait long?”

“Hi, Alpha. I just got here.”

“Shall we go?”

“Yes.”

Sun is visiting Ongsa's house today as invited. Ongsa asked Sun to meet up at the mall after finishing cram school in the morning to take a taxi home together. Sun is actually nervous about going to Ongsa's house for the first time as it feels like an official announcement. Ongsa said her father wished to meet her. Since it came from the adult, it would be rude to decline. Besides, Sun is determined to make everyone believe she's serious about this love, and the people she needs to convince the most are…Ongsa's family.

“Dad isn't home yet.”

Alpha says once they've arrived and found the gate locked.

“My house is a bit messy.”

Ongsa says, leading Sun inside. Sun observes the place. Ongsa's house isn't as big as hers, but it's spacious and organized, not messy as the owner claimed.

“It's not messy at all.”

“It was usually messier than this, Sun. What you see here is the result of

someone tidying up the place three days prior.” Alpha tells Sun. The said someone scowls at her.

“Sun, sit down first. I'll get you some water.”

Ongsa says and strides to the kitchen. She's excited about her girlfriend's first visit. Not many have come to Ongsa's house. Most of them are either her relatives or Alpha's friends. Ongsa's gang usually works on their assignments at Tinh's or Charoen's places. Since Tinh was almost caught being gay at that time, he swore he would avoid seeing Ongsa's mother as much as possible.

Subsequently, Ongsa feels awkward having her own guest at her house.

When Alpha invited her friends, Ongsa saw her preparing snacks and drinks for them. Ongsa assumes it's a tradition to welcome the guests. While searching for cookies her mother regularly stores in the cabinet, Ongsa, as clumsy as ever, doesn't watch her steps and kicks the corner of the dining table. She cries out in a high pitch.

“Ouch!”

It's an unsolved mystery of the world. Why do the corners of tables and shelves and rooms… strongly attract your toes? Ongsa hobbles to the living room with a tray of snacks and drinks for Sun. Sun and Alpha watch her walk in confusion, then Sun asks.

“Why are you walking like that?”

“I hit the table, TOT.”

Ongsa says, holding out her foot to show her bloody, wounded little toe.

“Ugh!! Why are you so clumsy? Put on a bandage.”

Alpha is embarrassed by her sister's clumsiness. Of all days, she has to be an idiot the day she took her girlfriend home. How ridiculous.

“No need to. Sit down. I'll treat it.”

Sun says. She opens her bag and takes something out.

“Wow, do you need to carry a first-aid kit with you all the time as part of the

team?” Alpha points at the small bag in Sun's hand. It contains ointments and a few types of pills.

“No. I usually carried only bandages. After going out with Ongsa, I had to

upgrade it. I don't know when she will hurt herself. How can she be clumsy every day? It's my habit to bring these with me now.” Upon hearing that, Alpha finds her sister even more pathetic. How can she be so clumsy that her girlfriend needs to carry a first-aid kit everywhere?

“Did you wait long, kids?”

Says someone recently entering the house. Ongsa wouldn't have been shocked had it not been the same person who said she'd be out of town.

“Mom!”

Aor flicks her eyes on each of the girl's shocked faces. The kids probably didn't know she was home because she took a taxi. Aor has been home for some time and heard Alpha complaining about Ongsa's clumsiness and the girl talking about her daughter.

“Your guest today? Did you bring her snacks? Are these the cookies in the

cabinet? Didn't they expire? They've sat there for ages. Really, these kids.

Get up, these sisters. Buy something from the bakery for your guest.” Aor says, looking at her two daughters. It seems one of them didn't listen carefully.

“Alpha will go.”

Ongsa shoots.

“Huh…? Why me?”

“Both of you”

Aor says.

“No! I'll stay.”

“Go, Ongsa.”

Sun says. Sun is a smart girl. She knows Ongsa's mother doesn't need her daughters to buy desserts. She just wants to be alone with her. Sun herself wishes to convince Ongsa's family she's serious about this love. She's bound to be in this situation eventually with no other choice, so she won't run away… Ongsa gets out of the house in worry. The bakery is only two alleys away, but it feels so far this time.

“Alpha, walk faster.”

“Should I run?”

“That'd be great.”

“Don't panic. Mom won't do anything to Sun.”

“How do you know?”

“Huh? You idiot! That's our mom. You know she's not a cruel person. Plus,

didn't she allow you to date Sun? What's to worry about?”

“You wouldn't understand.”

How can Ongsa not be worried? Her mother suddenly showed up despite saying she would be out of town. She even kicked her out to be alone with Sun. It was a real struggle trying to make up with Sun. If her mother causes another breakup, Ongsa will go crazy.

Ongsa's living room isn't large, yet Sun feels tiny in front of this lady, the owner of this place, her girlfriend's mother. Aor observes the girl before her again. Right. This is the same girl who brought those materials to Ongsa at the hospital. Aor has been wondering if the familiar girl who delivered the sheets to Ongsa is her daughter's girlfriend. She couldn't find the answer because the photo Bee showed her had been deleted from the page. Actually, the person who wished to meet Ongsa's girlfriend and made her take her here wasn't Nop but Aor herself. Had she said she was the only one who wanted to meet Sun, Ongsa wouldn't have invited the girl here. Thus, Aor asked her husband to do it. It might not be a mature plan, but at least she got to meet her. The girl named Sun…

“You're Sun, right?”

Aor says, settling on the couch opposite the girl.

“Y…Yes”

Sun can barely find her voice, nervous.

“We met at the hospital, didn't we?”

“Yes.”

“Um…Thank you for bringing the materials.”

“No problem.”

The atmosphere in the living room resembles the haunted woods. Gloomy and quiet. They pause for a long while until the older woman asks another question.

“You used to be in a relationship with Ongsa, right?”

“...”

Onga thinks it would be amazing if she could travel faster than light.

“Alpha, are you done?”

“Wait a sec. Let me check this out first…Almost done.”

Onga is going crazy. Even though she's in a hurry, her sister has the heart to buy a magazine on the street.

“We're home.”

Ongsa shouts and rushes to the living room, but Sun isn't there.

“Sun…”

Ongsa searches for Sun all over the house and finds her mother in the kitchen.

Sun is nowhere in sight.

“Didn't you allow me to date her? Why did you do this? Do you know how

hard it was to make up with her? I promised her I wouldn't hurt her again.

Why did you have to do this?!!” BAM!

The hit on the head halts Ongsa. She turns around to her sister holding the magazine she has just used to hit her.

“Why are you kicking a fuss? Didn't you see Sun's shoes in front of our

house? Her bag is still on the couch.” Alpha says in weariness. Sun then steps out of the bathroom next to the kitchen and laughs at Ongsa's shocked face. She heard everything Ongsa said. Those words are touching, but she can't help laughing at Ongsa's hilarious expression.

“You used to be in a relationship with Ongsa, right?”

“...”

Sun was stunned by the question. She understood now why Ongsa felt pressured back then.

“Oh, my bad. I mean, did you get back together?”

What a testing question. Still, Sun wouldn't give up on her resolution. The girl mustered her courage and answered firmly.

“Yes. Ongsa and I are dating.”

“Thank you.”

“Pardon?”

“Thank you for coming back to her…and I'm sorry for being the cause of your

fight.”

“Ma'am…”

“Ongsa didn't want to break up with you. I forced her. It was my fault. Please

don't be mad at Ongsa, dear. If you're mad, be mad at me. I caused everything. I asked my husband to invite you here so I could apologize. You must've been hurt. I'm really sorry, dear.”

“...I wasn't mad at Ongsa. I also wasn't mad at you. I understand that parents

are worried about their children, but I hope you know I truly love Ongsa.

Please let us be together.

Even though we're both girls, I promise we'll take good care of each other.

Please don't worry.” Sun expresses her feelings to her girlfriend's mother. She doesn't promise she will take care of Ongsa, but they will take care of each other. It means they will look after each other. Either of them won't be the only one giving. Sun hopes the adults are confident that they will do well.

Aor looks into the girl's eyes in front of her. This is her first time seriously believing her daughter chose the right person. From the materials, the first- aid kit, to the way this girl directly asked for her permission to date Ongsa.

Everything indicates her daughter is precious to this girl, and Aor is certain this girl is precious to Ongsa as well.

“Take good care of each other, dear.”

This evening , Ongsa's father gives Sun a ride home. The youngest child seemed upset with the parents for tricking her into bringing her girlfriend home. Ongsa sulked throughout dinner, which Sun found funny.

“Pull over up there, please.”

Sun says once they've arrived at the destination.

“Oh…This place? When you said you had work, you actually hung out with

your girlfriend. How naughty.”

“It's not like that. We worked together here.”

Ongsa quickly corrects.

“You came here to hit on her several times. Did her parents know?”

“I said we were here to work, Dad!”

Ongsa bellows, getting teased. Sun smiles softly at the cute interaction between the father and the daughter before saying goodbye and excusing herself.

“You're home, dear? Have you eaten?”

“I have, Ma.”

“Did you have fun at the birthday party?”

“Yeah.”

Sun answers without meeting her mother's eyes. She couldn't give her mother a reason to visit Ongsa's place. It would be inappropriate to say her girlfriend's father wanted to meet her, so she lied that it was her friend's birthday party. She knew lying was bad, but she was at her wit's end.

“I'll take a shower, Ma.”

“Okay. Go ahead. Go to bed early tonight. You have school tomorrow.”

“Sure.”

Sun has showered, packed her bag, finished homework since yesterday, and said goodnight to Ongsa on LINE. Sun would usually have gone to bed at one in the morning after Sunday with no urgent matters. But tonight, Ongsa's father's words keep her awake. Ongsa's father just teased her, and Ongsa probably didn't overthink it. However, Sun keeps thinking about those words in agitation. Sun decides to get a class of warm milk to put herself to sleep.

When she reaches the kitchen, someone is already there.

“Oh, hey, you still awake?”

Sun's little brother asks as his sister enters the kitchen.

“Yeah, why are you still up?”

Sun asks back. It's actually not hard to guess. Her brother is a game addict.

He goes to bed late and gets nagged by their parents every day.

“I'm hungry. I'm making instant noodles. What about you?”

“Nothing. I need some water.”

Sun replies mindlessly. She wouldn't be bothered to answer her brother's questions if she said she'd warm milk because she couldn't sleep. Sun pours herself a glass of water and sits at the dining table. She doesn't quickly finish it and return to her room like usual, which takes her brother by surprise.

“Are you okay?”

The boy pulls away from the pot of instant noodles and faces his sister.

They're siblings that have grown up together, only two years apart. Why wouldn't he be able to tell when his sister feels troubled?

“Pun…”

Sun calls her brother's name and pauses, hesitating whether she should reveal it.

“Tell me.”

Pun urges his sister.

“I got back together with Ongsa.”

Sun says slowly. Pun goes to the same school as her. He's known everything from the start, and Sun has never hidden it. There was no use in keeping it from him.

“I know. Everyone at school probably does.”

Pun says, lifting the pot from the stove. Ongsa and Sun walked together hand in hand at school last Friday. They were the talk of the town.

“I went to Ongsa's house today.”

“Wow…You met her family. Can they accept it now?”

Pun asks, pouring the instant noodles into a bowl.

“Yeah.”

“And? That sounds great. Why do you look stressed?”

“I don't want to hide it from Pa and Ma anymore, Pun.”

“Yeah. So?”

“Do you think they'll accept my relationship with Ongsa?”

“Yes. I've told them.”

“Huh?!!”

Sun gapes at her brother as he chews the instant noodles in his cheek.

“Is that true?”

“Yes. Why would I lie?”

“When? Why?”

Sun is still shocked by the new information.

“Long ago. Ma asked me, so I told her.”

“Hey!! This is not a laughing matter, Pun.”

“I've told you I'm not joking.”

“What did she say?”

“Nothing much. She said Ongsa was pretty reserved.”

“What about Pa? Did you tell him?”

“I didn't. I don't know if Ma has told him, though. Pa and Ma can accept it.

Don't worry.”

“Sigh…”

Sun heaves a sigh. Her brother's words can't wipe away her worry at all.

“I know…I know Pa and Ma are kind. They'll accept it if I tell them about

Ongsa. Even so, they probably wish I dated boys. I don't want to disappoint them.”

“No. They've never been disappointed in you. You're a good kid, studying

and working hard. Pa and Ma are proud to have you as their child. I'm the one who can't make them proud.”

“What should I do? I'm serious about Ongsa, so I want them to know it. I

don't want them to find out later from others, yet I don't have the courage to tell them.”

“Trust me. Just tell them straightforwardly.”

“Give me some time. I'm not ready yet. I can be a coward sometimes, Pun,

especially about things like this. I'm afraid I'll hurt them.”

“No one will be hurt, dear.”

“Ma!”

The siblings cry out in shock when their mother steps into the kitchen. Their mother woke up to use the toilet in the middle of the night and noticed the kitchen light. She went downstairs to check who was still up this late and overheard her children's conversation. She listened for a while until she thought she should step out and say something before her only daughter had a stroke from stress.

“Pun, go to your room. I'll have a word with your sister.”

“O…Okay.”

The boy obeys his mother and carries his instant noodles to his room. Before he leaves, he has the heart to whisper to his sister.

“Good luck, sis.”

Pun returns to his room, leaving his mother and sister in the kitchen alone.

The only daughter looks at her mother nervously, Sun hasn't braced herself to deal with this situation. It's too sudden. She's not ready.

“I know everything.”

“Ma…I…”

The cat has gotten Sun's tongue all of a sudden. She has no idea what to say right now.

“I've raised you since you were born. Why wouldn't I know? When you look

at the girl, it's not the way friends look at each other. Even if Pun didn't tell me, I would've known either way.”

“Well…Are you sad?”

“About what?”

“That I'm like this.”

“What do you mean? You're still my Sun, my daughter. Nothing else.”

“But I don't like boys. Are you disappointed in me?”

Sun's fear oozes out, making her voice uncontrollably quiver. She can feel her eyes brimming with tears. She has no idea why she suddenly feels like crying.

“It would be a lie to say I felt nothing. I have a daughter. I never expected a

daughter-in-law from her, but it was simply a surprise. I'm not sad or anything. Don't overthink it, dear.”

“What about Pa? Have you told him? Will he be angry with me?”

“I didn't tell him, but someone did.”

“Someone? Who is it, Ma?”

“What's the matter? Why do you want to see me this early?”

Ongsa is confused as to why Sun called her to meet up before the morning assembly. Besides, her girlfriend looks like she hasn't slept for two days.

“What did you talk to my dad about.”

“Ah…”

The sudden attack shocks Ongsa.

“Ongsa, answer me!”

Sun seems impatient.

“I didn't want us to have another problem from our families' disapproval. I

wished to date you without keeping it a secret, so…”

“You told my dad.”

“Yeah.”

“Why? Why did you do that? You think my dad would give in that easily?”

“It's not like that. I didn't think it'd be easy. That's why I kept it from you. I'm

sorry for doing it behind your back.” Right. Ongsa visited Sun's house to tell her family about their relationship, apologize for hurting Sun, and ask for permission to date her. Ongsa did all that while Sun was at the camp, which explained why Sun knew nothing until her mother told her last night.

“What if my dad disapproved? What would you have done?”

“I would've been too ashamed to reconcile with you. It would've been too

shameless to ask for your forgiveness without doing anything. I didn't wish to bring you walk on a pointless path.”

“Had my dad disapproved, you would've disappeared from my life again.”

“Yeah…”

That was Ongsa's thought. She risked her love with the decision to visit Sun's house that day. Ongsa would've given up if Sun's family hadn't permitted her.

Fortunately, Sun's parents saw Ongsa's determination and courage to ask for permission to date their daughter straightforwardly and allowed it.

“You're the worst!”

Sun hits Ongsa's shoulder with her fists repeatedly, making Ongsa recede.

“Ouch, ouch. Sun, it hurts.”

As Ongsa pulls away, she notices Sun's eyes brimming with tears. Is she making her girlfriend cry again?

“Don't ever do that again…”

Sun says slowly.

“I'm sorry.”

“I told you not to make decisions on your own. Don't come to a conclusion by

yourself. I would've lost you had my dad not allowed it? Consider how I'd feel.”

“You were mad at me back then. I thought maybe you didn't want to come

back to me…” Ongsa confesses.

“You always jump to a conclusion.”

Sun cries finally. She's neither sad nor angry. It's a certain feeling rushing in, the kind Sun can't describe. Perhaps it's fear…fear of losing Ongsa.

“Sun…”

Seeing her girlfriend cry, Ongsa doesn't know what to do. She hates it when Sun cries. Even so, how many times has she been the cause of Sun's tears?

Ongsa pulls Sun into a hug, offering a comforting embrace as an apology.

And to stop those tears.

“I know it's my weak point to jump to a conclusion. It's a habit I don't know

how to fix, but I'll try for you to make up for hurting you. I won't promise you, but I'll do my best.” Ongsa says, patting the taller girl's head on her shoulder.

“...”

The girl in her arms says nothing, clenching Ongsa's shirt. The shaking body lets her know Sun is still crying.

“Please stop crying. I don't like seeing your tears, especially when it's

because of me.”

“You're mean…”

Sun grumbles in a muffled voice, refusing to look up.

“What, Sun?”

Ongsa can't decipher Sun's muffled voice. When the crybaby hears that, she gazes up to answer with a teary face.

“You're mean. Ongsa is so mean!”

The crying girl shouts those painful words, erasing the image of the pretty girl of the generation.

“Okay, okay. I'm mean. I'm sorry.”

“You keep apologizing.”

“Oh…do you want me to propose instead?”

“What the hell?”

Sun hits Ongsa's shoulder again for messing with her at the wrong time.

“Let's start over, Sun. Tell me my flaws and what you don't like about me. I'll

try to improve myself. From now on, I'll open up to you more and come to a conclusion on my own less. It'll be hard, but I'll try.”

“I'm not perfect, Ongsa. I have tons of flaws, too. I know you've been patient

with me, but you can tell me what you really don't like about me as well. You might be able to endure it now, but you might not later and change. I don't want that.” The two girls hold each other's gazes. Their eyes seem to convey their feelings better than words. Those who have lost their love would understand.

It's a pain neither of them wishes to experience again. They've gotten their love back, so they want to maintain it the best they can. They both know how hard it is to be in a relationship with their families' approval and to love without being limited by gender. That's why they want to do it well, to take care of this love, and to be better…to reassure one another.

---Special Chapter : 2 

Special Chapter

Ongsa and Sun have been dating for a year and have gotten through numerous things together, but what they've never shared is… ‘Valentine's Day.’ It's because Sun still knew Ongsa as Earth last Valentine's Day, and Ongsa was avoiding Sun by not replying to her. Ongsa knows Sun must've been awfully hurt back then. This year, she wants to make up for it. However, since Ongsa has never had a Valentine's Day date, she doesn't know what lovers do on that day.

“Tinh, Charoenporn.”

“What's with the full name? Should I say amen?”

Charoen asks.

“I need your advice.”

Ongsa expresses her need.

“About Sun?”

Tinh asks.

“How do you know?”

“You have only a few problems in your life, Ongsa.”

Tiny is correct. A lousy person like Ongsa doesn't have many other problems besides this.

“Yeah. It's about Sun.”

“Go ahead.”

“February is around the corner.”

“So…?”

“Valentine's Day.”

“So…?”

“I need to buy Sun a present.”

“So…???”

“What should I buy her?”

“You're asking me…? Are you asking me…?

“Y…Yeah.”

“Why are you like this, Ongsa?”

Ongsa looks at Tinh in confusion. Why? What did she do wrong? Why is Tinh looking at her with such sad eyes?

“How long have we been friends, Ongsa?”

“Since the seventh grade.”

“Since the seventh grade. It's been five years.”

“Right.”

“In the past five years…”

“...”

“Have you seen me dating anyone, Ongsa? How the hell did you ask me what

you should buy your girlfriend, you sinful prick?” Tinh tells Ongsa off for a long while until she raises her hands to stop him.

“Okay, okay. I did wrong. I'm sorry.”

“Yeah. Good thing you've reflected on yourself.”

“Buy her flowers.”

Charoen says after listening in silence.

“...?”

Ongsa turns to her in puzzlement.

“Flowers. Girls want flowers on Valentine's Day.”

“I don't.”

Tinh says.

“Yeah. I also don't want them.”

Ongsa chimes in. Charoen looks at her friends back and forth, wondering who is more feminine between Ongsa and Tinh.

“Buy a stuffed animal, one as big as a house. I bet Sun will scream.”

Tinh suggests.

“A massive stuffed animal? Will Ongsa be able to carry it? That's what I

want to know.” Charoen points out.

“Oh, right. I forgot how lousy she is.”

Ongsa flicks her eyes at each of her friends talking as if she's not there.

“Buy one not too big. A cute one. Go and find out what kind of stuffed animal

Sun likes.”

“But I insist on buying her flowers.”

“A stuffed animal.”

“Flowers.”

“Yeah, yeah. Thanks a lot for helping me. I'll decide later.”

Ongsa interrupts, seeing both friends about to fight.

“A stuffed animal. Ongsa, trust me.”

“Stuffed animals are for birthdays!! Ongsa, flowers are a must on Valentine's

Day.” This doesn't seem to end easily…

“Sigh…”

“...”

“Sighhh…”

“...”

“Sighhhhh…”

“What's wrong, Ongsa? You keep sighing.”

“I'm stressed, Alpha.”

“About what? A PE test?”

“No…About Sun.”

“Are you fighting with her?”

“No. I…”

“...?”

“I don't know what should I buy her on Valentine's Day.”

“Ugh!! I thought it was something serious. I even listened carefully. Just buy

something. There are millions of presents to choose from.” Alpha growls, and it disheartens her sister even more. Why does everyone think it's easy? It's very hard for Ongsa. Valentine's Day is an important day for lovers, a special day for people in relationships. And since it'll be their first Valentine's Day, Ongsa wants to make it special. What will make it special? Ongsa is clueless.

“Help me think.”

Ongsa asks for help.

“Matching stuff.”

“Matching stuff?”

“Matching shirts, necklaces, or rings. You've been together for a long time.

Have you ever bought her matching stuff?” The younger sister shakes her head slowly. Alpha expected that. She still wonders why a perfect and pretty girl like Sun, whom half of the boys at school are smitten with, made a mistake byndating a lousy girl like her sister.

“Go on the internet. There are loads of suggestions.”

“What should I buy?”

“Use your head!”

Alpha says and walks off, leaving her sister staring at her in confusion. Why does everyone get angry when she asks about this? What did she do wrong? Ongsa doesn't understand.

Ongsa looks at two people sitting opposite her from left to right, wondering what reason the three of them have gathered here.

“I'm sorry for suddenly calling you two here.”

Says the one who started this.

“What's the matter?”

The other girl asks. She was surprised that the senior, who was ‘talking’ to her best friend, suddenly invited her to a café at a famous mall after school.

Besides, when she arrived, she saw the girl in the same grade, her friend's girlfriend. The explanation is confusing.

“I called Ongsa and Pink here because…ah…because.”

“Just tell us, Min.”

Pinky presses. If they waited for the silly senior to muster the courage herself, the mall would be closed before they got anything.

“Valentine's Day is next month…”

Min slowly reveals her worry.

“And I…want to ask Bon to go out with me that day. I need your advice about

what I should do.” Ongsa looks at her senior in bewilderment. Is she sure about asking her when Ongsa herself still needs to ask others? If she'd known Min would talk about this, she would've rejected her.

“Pinky probably knows Bon's preferences as her best friend. Ongsa might

have some advice for me about how to ask her to date me since you're experienced. Please, help me.” Seeing those pleading eyes, Ongsa softens. She understands Min's feelings.

Min is a twelfth grader having a crush on an eleventh grader, Ribbon, Pinky's best friend. Min once consulted Ongsa about how to strike up a conversation with the junior. Ongsa didn't give her much advice, simply telling Min about her story with Sun. She has no idea how the senior convinced the junior to talk to her. Some might wonder why Min consults a lousy person like Ongsa. It's because the junior is a girl, and so is Min.

Sounds familiar, right?

“I asked Sun to go out with me because the mood was right. Someone was

about to snatch her from me, so I suddenly had the courage. Luckily, Sun was also into me. We ended up dating.” Ongsa tells the senior about her experience. Come to think of it, her story isn't romantic at all. Min made a mistake by consulting a lousy girl like her.

“Oh, yeah…? What do I do now? Pink…what does Bon like? Do you know

it?”

“If Bon rejects you, what will you do?”

Pinky blatantly ruins the senior's confidence. Ongsa turns to Min to find the senior looking gloomy. Obviously, she has low confidence, just like her.

“If you're like this, your relationship won't last even if Bon agrees to date

you.” How harsh. Ongsa glances at Pinky, flabbergasted. Even though they're not that close, her straightforwardness shocks Ongsa quite a lot.

“You're asking me what Bon likes? I'll tell you…Bon likes you. If you want

to date her, tell her. Be confident, Min. Do you think my friend talks to anyone? She talks to you because she likes you. She'll say yes, no matter how you ask her, but you have to be braver. Bon loves an honest person. If you really like her, you need to be confident. Don't wait for her to start. It's not cool.” Is it true that Pinky is talking to Min, not Ongsa?

“I know I suck. I'll try harder…”

Ongsa expresses her sympathy through her eyes to the senior, who looks gloomy because her (future) girlfriend's best friend is scolding her. No one wants to be lousy, but things like this are uncontrollable.

“But you have to help me think what to buy Bon on Valentine's Day, Pinky.

You, too, Ongsa. Help me.”

“I still don't know what to buy Sun…”

Min is consulting the wrong person. What a shame.

“Bon is a foodie. Ask her out.”

“Ask her out…? Where? A grilled pork restaurant? There's a good place.”

Ongsa sees Pinky slapping her forehead and sighing, which is understandable. Even a lousy person like Ongsa won't ask a girl out on a date at a grilled pork place. Min is absolutely silly.

“Bon loves something sweet, Min. Desserts and stuff.”

“Oh…Desserts, huh? Okay, okay.”

They split up with the conclusion that Min will ask Ribbon out on a date at a café and muster up her courage to ask her to be her girlfriend that day. It's great that Min consulted Pinky. Ongsa, on the contrary, felt so useless, like she was there only for a free drink. Regardless, she hopes Min pulls it off.

The senior's love issue is over. Ongsa now returns to hers. Come to think of it, Min's method sounds interesting. Ask for their friends' advice if you can't think of anything. Maybe Sun's friends can help figure out what to buy her, but…which one should it be? This is hard. Sun is close to Tinh and Charoen, but Ongsa barely exchanges words with Sun's friends. When they started dating, Sun's friends always looked at Ongsa teasingly every time they met, which made Ongsa keep her distance. Besides, she doesn't know if Sun's friends have stopped resenting her for breaking up with Sun last time. What should she do?

“Did you wait long?”

Ongsa checks her watch again. She's five minutes early, but the other girl is already there.

“For a while. I was excited, so I got here super early.”

“Oh…”

Ongsa nods in puzzlement. Shouldn't she be the excited one? Why is it the other person?

“I've planned everything.”

Before Ongsa settles on the chair properly, the girl holds out a piece of written paper.

“Here it is, I've thought about it all night. I guarantee nothing's missing.”

Ongsa looks down at the note that the owner claimed nothing is missing there, which is accurate. The piece of paper is full of the details of what Ongsa has to do and prepare for the upcoming Valentine's Day. There are so many that nothing can possibly be missing.

“Is it going to be okay, Deer?”

Ongsa asks. She chose to consult Deer out of all Sun's friends. She seems to be whom Ongsa trust the most. After Ongsa texted Deer to ask for her advice, she was willing to help with enthusiasm and kind enough to list what she needed with the details. It led to their meeting today. Even so, now that Ongsa has read Deer's list, she's unsure if this plan is practical. Deer's plan is actually too challenging for a lousy person like Ongsa.

“Of course. Girls love surprises, Ongsa, especially on important days. The

more dramatic, the better.” Deer says as if the person opposite her isn't a girl. Still, Ongsa can't argue with that. Any girl would love surprises, even Ongsa. All right!! For Sun, she'll give it a try!!!

“Dad.”

“Yes, dear?”

It takes Nop by surprise that his youngest daughter comes to him in his study.

Both of his daughters have never stepped in here.

“Teach me how to play guitar…”

Ongsa says softly, but it's loud enough in this quiet room.

“Play guitar? What's gotten into you, hmm? I wanted to teach you, yet you

kept shaking your head.”

“W…Well…”

The cat has gotten Ongsa's tongue. How can she tell her father she wants to learn how to play guitar for Sun? It's embarrassing. Nop observes the way his daughter dips her chin with her reddening ears and makes an assumption.

“Wanna play it for a girl?”

“Dad!”

Ongsa shouts.

“Which one?”

“Who else could it be?!”

“Oh…So you really want to do it for a girl, huh? Hahaha.”

“Dad!! I won't learn it.”

Ongsa gets even more embarrassed, getting caught. Besides her friends at school, her father enjoys teasing her about Sun. He teases her every day at every chance he has.

“Come on. I'll teach you. I'll teach you so well that Sun falls head over heels

for you.” Here it is. He's teasing her again.

“It's not that serious. I want to learn one song.”

“One song? What is it?”

Ongsa takes the note Deer gave her yesterday out of her pocket to check what song Deer has selected. Ongsa was so shocked by the whole list that she didn't read all the details.

“Wow. Is this a surprise for Valentine's Day or a proposal? So many details.”

“Daddd!! Quit peeping.”

Ongsa cries out again when her father cranes his neck to read the note in her hand. He doesn't need to lean close to see what it is because Deer wrote the giant headline in the center of the note. ‘The Details ofthe Surprise for Sun on Valentine's Day’

“Okay, okay. My guitar is in my room. Go fetch it. I've almost wrapped up my

work. I'll teach you later.”

“Why is it in your room? I saw it here the other day.”

“Can't I play guitar for your mom sometimes? You're not the only one who

wants to do it for a girl.”

“You keep teasing me. I won't talk to you anymore. Hmph!!”

Ongsa scowls at Nop and walks off to get the guitar as told.

Despite her shout, Ongsa thinks her father is a romantic man. Her parents have been married for nearly twenty years, yet he still plays guitar for her mother. Will she ever be as romantic as her father…?

Playing guitar isn't easy, but it's not as difficult as Ongsa expected. Despite the swollen fingers from strumming the chords, Ongsa finds it fun to try something new. After two weeks, she can play the song of their choice. She might make a few mistakes, but it's good enough for a lousy girl like her.

Playing guitar shouldn't be a problem. She'll improve before Valentine's Day.

The problem is the rest of the list. There are a bunch of things to prepare. It's hard enough to find everything, but how can she have enough money to get it all?

Ongsa tries to save up every single coin, yet it doesn't seem enough. She probably has to borrow Alpha.

“Ongsa.”

“Yes, Mom?”

“Valentine's Day is in two weeks, right?”

“Yes.”

Ongsa wonders why her mother is asking about this.

“I heard you'd play guitar for Sun.”

“Daaad!”

Ongsa cries out immediately, even though he's not there. She told him to keep it a secret. Why did he tell her mother?

“Spare him. I asked him myself. I noticed you in the study every evening and

wondered what you were up to, so I asked.”

“Hmph!”

Despite the explanation, Ongsa is upset with her father nonetheless.

“I heard you're preparing a lot for the surprise.”

Here it is. He told her everything. Good grief. Ongsa won't ever tell him anything again. Just wait and see.

“You have so much to prepare. Do you have enough money?”

Wow…Her mother hits the nail on the head. Ongsa gets more stressed than before. If her mother knows she's spent her savings on Sun's surprise, she'll scold her.

“Ah…Well…”

Ongsa tries to explain, but her brain stops functioning.

“I give you allowance to buy food at school. Don't cut off your meals for

something else.” Here it is. Ongsa is getting scolded.

“You're so small. All bony. How will your brain be nourished if you don't

eat?” Her mother must've noticed her devouring dinner like a maniac and assumed she skipped lunch to save up for Sun's surprise.

“Don't skip meals, okay?”

“Okay…”

Ongsa dips her chin in guilt, thinking about what to do with her life. She doesn't even know if she has enough money to buy everything after all the skipped meals. Now her mother has caught her. The plan will be a failure.

“And this…is for you. Think of it as my apology for causing the fight

between you and Sun.” Ongsa looks up upon hearing that and sees her mother holding out two grey bills.

“Mom…that's too much.”

“Take it. I want to give it to you, and it's only once. I won't do it again next

time.”

“...”

“It's your first Valentine's Day together, right?”

“Yes.”

“If so, you'd better impress her, Ongsa. Don't buy her sacred lotuses and take

her to a chicken noodles place on the street the way your dad did.” It sounds like her mother doesn't have a good memory about the first Valentine's Day.

Finally, the day has come. Ongsa is super excited. She hopes the plan succeeds. Ongsa borrows the student council room for Sun's surprise. Since the mastermind behind all this is Deer, who loves reading novels (but Ongsa doesn't know), everything looks grand and magnificent. Tinh watches his best friend carrying heaps of things into the student council room and can't help admiring her.

“Wow, are these presents for Valentine's Day or survival bags for those

suffering from the flood?” Tinh doesn't want to jeer or be jealous, but it hurts. Ongsa is annoying enough since she's the only one in a relationship in the gang, and now she's making them help prepare the surprise for her girlfriend. What a ruthless human being. She has no sympathy for the single. This calls for revenge.

“If dating is such a struggle, it might be better to be single for life.”

Charoen complains, yet she accepts Ongsa's stuff to decorate the place. As Ongsa's plan is epic, it takes time to prepare everything.

Sun is a bit annoyed that Peem suddenly requested her presence in the student council room after class, saying there was a problem with a project document they presented to the school. The thing is, she has a plan with Ongsa. Even though Sun has told her on the phone that she might be late, she doesn't want her to wait long. It's an important day, after all… When Sun pushes the door open, she senses something unusual. The student council room she's familiar with isn't this. What is this? Balloons are scattered all over the floor, and the walls are lined with rainbow ribbons. The meeting table in the middle is replaced with a long bench Sun remembers is from the cafeteria. Given everything, Sun can tell what's about to happen. Sun has never expected her to do things like this. Her girlfriend. Without wasting a second, Ongsa steps out of the corner of the room with a guitar in her hand.

Ongsa can play guitar? Sun never knew that.

“Ah…Sun.”

Sun knows she's blushing, but the girl before her looks worse. Ongsa's face turns crimson before she even does anything. Look at her twisting. It makes Sun want to tease her.

“What now, my girlfriend?”

“What is it? I'm listening. Say what you wish to say.”

Instead of answering, Ongsa takes Sun's hand and leads her to the bench in the center of the room. They settle down.

“Are you going to play guitar, baby?”

Sun asks. Sun doesn't usually talk sweetly besides when she gets clingy or wants to tease Ongsa. Like now. Ongsa is cute when she blushes.

“Yeah.”

“I've never known you could.”

“I can't.”

“Oh…”

“But I'll try for you.”

-“Can you not look at me?”

“Huh?”

“I'm shy when you stare at me like that.”

That's Ongsa for you. They've been dating for months, yet she's still lousy.

“All right, then.”

Sun won't look, but she'll lean on Ongsa's shoulder.

“...”

“Go ahead. I'm listening.”

It takes Ongsa a while to compose herself and strums on the guitar.

♫... ♪…

I know and understand that you also know and understand The person I currently am that's not the best version…

Sun isn't sure if the first lines of the song are the lyrics or confession.

♫… ♪…

I know and understand that sometimes you can't take it With my personalities Sometimes I'm too comfortable being myself I hope you don't leave me I want to be better to reassure you Every day, for you, I can do it I want to be better to make you understand That I'll be a better person No need to be upset or make any wish I truly love you. No lies. You can tell I'm not joking Lock your eyes on mine Do you think I'll lie to you?

I won't beat around the bush despite my own confusion But trust me. Trust me. Give it a try Sometimes I'm too comfortable being myself I hope you don't leave me I want to be better to reassure you Every day, for you, I can do it I want to be better to make you understand That I'll be a better person No need to be upset or make any wish No matter how hard, I'm not scared. This is for you, my dear No matter how tired, I'll change for the better I won't act silly like before. It won't be long or a waste of time. Please trust me I want to be better to reassure you Every day, for you, I can do it I want to be better to make you understand That I'll be a better person No need to be upset or make any wish… ♪” ี *Song: อยากจะดกี ว่าน/้ Yahk Ja Dee Gwah Nee (I Wantto Be Better) by Aun Jessada* The singing voice and the sound of the guitar fade away. Only the singer tilts her head to look at the listening with hope. Sun straightens up, fixes her eyes on Ongsa, and speaks.

“It's amazing…”

“....”

“It's amazing that you planned to sing. Don't you know you sing way off-

key?”

“(T^T)”

Ongsa usually ruins the mood, so Sun gets back at her today. However, she can't help feeling sorry for her.

“But I like it”

“You like me?”

What a pain.

“I like the song, not you!!”

“Ugh…What a shame.”

“But I love you.”

“(-/////-)”

One shot in the heart.

“I have something for you, Sun.”

Ongsa changes the topic, pulling herself together, and takes out what she has prepared for Sun.

“Happy Valentine's Day.”

Ongsa holds out a huge bouquet. Sun accepts it because Ongsa's hands are shaking. It must be the nerves.

“Well…I didn't know what to buy you and asked Deer for advice…”

Upon hearing Ongsa asked Deer for advice, Sun immediately understands why Ongsa went all out like this. Of all people, she consulted a daydreaming girl like Deer. She probably got the idea from one of her novels.

“What kind of this flower?”

Sun asks the question because it's not a bouquet of roses, lilies, or tulips, the popular kinds on Valentine's Day. Sun doesn't know much about flowers. She has no clue what kind of one is in her arms.

“Read the card.”

Ongsa replies. If Ongsa didn't point at it, Sun wouldn't notice the little card hanging on the bouquet.‘...

*In the language of flowers…'Gerbera' means 'You're the sun of my life' ’ Shy…* Yes, Sun is feeling shy. She knows she's blushing because of the message on Ongsa's card. She's such a silly girl. Sun never expected this side of her.

“This is your present.”

Ongsa hands a small box to Sun. It's so tiny that Sun didn't notice Ongsa brought it with the bouquet. Sun observes the present and tries to guess what can fit in the palm-sized square box.

“Can I open it?”

“Yeah.”

With that, Sun gently tears the wrap. Once it's removed, it reveals a thin paper box inside. Sun opens it and finds the red velvet box commonly used to contain jewelry.

“It took me some time to pick, with Charoen's help. I think this one suits you

the most.” Ongsa even quickly explains in advance, seemingly afraid Sun won't be satisfied with it. Doesn't Ongsa know Sun likes everything she chooses?

Because she likes the giver… Judging from the size, it must be a ring. Let's check if Ongsa measured her finger size correctly.

“Ongsa…”

Sun is stunned by what she sees inside.

“How is it…? Don't you like it? It really suits you, though. Ganesha is the

god of success. Everything you do will go smoothly.” It's a great explanation, but who the hell taught her to give a sacred object to her girlfriend on Valentine's Day?!!!

“Hahaha. Just kidding. My dad made merit with his company and brought this

back for you.”

“You punk!”

Ongsa is such a pain in the neck.

“My present for you is this.”

Ongsa puts her hand in her skirt pocket and takes something out. A bracelet…

“Hold out your arm. I'll put it on for you.”

“...”

Sun remains quiet yet still does as requested.

“Cute, right?”

Ongsa even praises herself.

“Are you saying you did well selecting this?”

“No, I'm not talking about the bracelet…”

“...”

“I'm talking about me.”

Sun suddenly has the urge to be single.

“And…what about my present?”

Ongsa holds out her hands.

“None.”

“Oh…How come? I'm your girlfriend. Don't you remember?”

“It's in my bag. I'll give it to you when we go home.”

“No. I want it now.”

Ongsa whines.

“You think that's cute?”

Sun jeers.

“Do you love me or not?”

“Hmph!!”

“Where's my present? My present!!”

“I'll give it to you when we go home.”

“I want it now.”

Ongsa keeps whining.

“I'll go get it, then.”

“Don't go.”

“Huh?!!”

Sun doesn't know how to please her girlfriend anymore.

“Give me what you can right now.”

“What do you want, Ongsa?”

Ongsa puts on a playful expression and points at her own cheek.

“No.”

Sun rejects her in an instant.

“I've prepared so much to surprise you. It was exhausting.”

“Who told you to do it?”

“I slept so late last night and woke up early to get the bouquet.”

Ongsa continues grumbling sadly.

“Aside from that, I practiced guitar with my dad every day. My fingers were

full of wounds, but I endured it because I wanted to play it for my girlfriend.

Even though my girlfriend said I sang off-key, I'd still wish to do it.” She's not holding back.

“I did so much, thinking my girlfriend would be happy and impressed,

something like that. But no. How upsetting.” How dramatic.

Muah ~ ~ Sun kisses Ongsa's cheek indulgingly before she gets more dramatic.

“Happy now, my girlfriend? Quit complaining.”

“No. I want it here, too.”

Ongsa points at her lips.

“You're greedy.”

“Pleaseeee.”

“No!!”

Sun still declines. It's okay if Sun refuses to do it because Ongsa can give her this present herself. Even though she's lousy, she's an upgraded lousy person. She won't sit here stupidly and let the chance slip away. With that thought, the lousy girl leans closer to the pretty girl of the generation.

“What are you doing?”

“Giving you a present.”

Ongsa grins, inching closer, hypnotizing Sun with her eyes. Ongsa might suck at other things, but not this.

RRRrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Like other novels, a phone buzzes to interrupt a scene. Sun pushes Ongsa away in shyness, realizing what they've done. Sun and Ongsa look for the phone, and, apparently, it's not theirs. The door opens. Sun and Ongsa turn their heads to the visitor.

“Oooooh, my phone is here. I've been looking for it.”

Tinh's high-pitched voice lets Ongsa know this is not a coincidence.

“I'm leaving. Please continue. I'll lock the door for you.”

Tinh is gone. Ongsa turns to Sun, who averts her gaze before speaking.

“I'll go get your present”

Before Ongsa replies, Sun darts out of the room. The chance Ongsa has been waiting for a month is ruined due to a ringtone.

“Tinh, you piece of shit!”

“Ongsa, what did Sun give you yesterday?”

Charoen asks as the three best friends are on their way to the cafeteria.

“Crispy pork.”

“Huh?!! Crispy pork?”

“Yeah, crispy pork. Why?”

Ongsa asks back. Yesterday, when Ongsa knew Sun's present for her was crispy pork, she couldn't hold back her tears. It was crispy pork. Sun's homemade crispy pork. Plus, it tasted superb.

“Nothing. Just asking.”

Charoen says, though it still sounds strange to her. Do they give their lovers crispy pork on Valentine's Day now? The world progresses so fast Charoen can no longer keep upppp.

“It feels weird…”

Ongsa says, glancing around.

“What's weird?”

Charoen asks.

“It feels like someone's staring. Is there something on my face?”

Ongsa turns to her friends. Before they say a word, someone calls their names.

“Tinh, Charoen, Ongsa.”

“Pai, hi.” 一

The three best friends greet when they spot that person.

“Good timing. I was about to call you.”

“What's the matter, Pai?”

Tinh asks.

“Do you have any plans this school break?”

“There's a camp organized by the student council and cram school. Why,

Pai?”

“Mr. Vichit needs people to look after the seventh and tenth graders at the

orientation camp after Songkran. If you're free, can you lend him a hand? I participated every year, but I'm graduating this year. I can't help him.”

“We have to ask my family first. We'll text you later.”

Tinh answers for all of them.

“Okay. Give me the answers later. Bye.”

The senior says and turns around. She then remembers something and spins back.

“Oh…Ongsa, you freaking killed it yesterday. I used to wonder why Sun

liked you. Now I know you're super cool. I'm off. See you later.” The close senior gives Ongsa a thump up and leaves her confused about what she means. Ongsa turns to ask Tinh and Charoen and finds them fidgeting.

They're undoubtedly suspicious. Did Ongsa miss something?

“Do you have anything to confess?”

Ongsa asks.

“I had nothing to do with it.”

Charoen shoots.

“What about you, Tinh?”

Ongsa switches her target.

“Promise you won't tell me off.”

Here it is!!

“No, I won't. Now tell me what you've done.”

Ongsa promises.

“Well…yesterday, when I said I forgot my phone there, I was lying. I left it

there on purpose.” That's expected. Ongsa assumed Tinh must've planned something to mess with her. He could've peeped from the outside.

“I filmed you.”

“Huh?!”

This is way beyond Ongsa's expectations.

“Don't tell me you recorded everything and showed it to the student council.”

“No, no, I didn't do that.”

Tinh denies.

“Then what…”

“I went live on Facebook. I called my own number when you were about to

kiss Sun and quickly went there to get it.”

“Holy shit!”

“You promised you wouldn't tell me off.”

“Right!! I promised that, but I didn't promise I wouldn't kill you. Die, you

trashy friend!”

“Ahhhhh, Ongsa, don't strangle me. Cough, cough. Charoen, help me.”

“What goes around comes around.”

Charoen pities the situation in front of her. Tinh probably won't make it out alive today, and Ongsa will be the talk of the town for another several days…

---Special Chapter : 3

Special Chapter

They say people change every day. To think a person will always be the same is absolutely ‘ridiculous.’ It's true…

Nothing lasts forever. Everything is bound to change. So is love…

[ Age 17 ]

“Sun, did Pai ask you to be a chaperone at the orientation camp for the

seventh and tenth graders?”

“She didn't have to. Pinky begged me before that.”

“Begged you? What do you mean?”

“She just learned that her parents would take the whole family to visit their

relatives in China after confirming to Mr. Vichit that she'd be a chaperone.

Realizing she couldn't go, she begged me to take her place. Why did you ask?

Did Pai ask you?”

“Yeah. She actually asked all three of us to go, saying she couldn't because

she'd graduate soon. She was looking for people to do it in her stead.”

“Will you go?”

“That's why I'm asking you”

“...?”

“If you go, I'll go.”

“You're supposed to take care of the youngsters, not your girlfriend.”

“No can do. It'd be horrible if the tenth graders hit on you.”

“Possessive.”

“Right.”

Ongsa admits it. How can she not be possessive when her girlfriend is so gorgeous?

“Oh, Sun, we're taking university admission tests next year. Have you

decided on the department?”

“I'm still hesitating. I'm not sure what I like. I have to figure out what I'm truly

into first. I don't want to waste my time on things I'm not interested in.”

“Um…You're right. I talked to Tinh and Charoen yesterday. Tinh said many

seniors retook a year.”

“What about you? Have you decided?”

“Well…I've thought about it, but I don't know if I can do it. It's pretty difficult

for a lousy person like me.”

“You can do it. This pretty girl will tutor you.”

“Yeah? how pretty?”

“What a pain…”

[ Age 18 ]

“What??? Why didn't you tell me first, Sun?!”

“Well…I've just made a decision.”

It's not true. Sun has just had the courage to tell Ongsa.

“Why, Sun? Why do you have to go?”

“I don't want to make a wrong decision. The future is very important. I want

to be sure I'm not choosing the wrong path.”

“But why do you have to go so far?”

“If I stayed here, in the same place and environment with the same

experience, nothing would change. In the end, I wouldn't be able to figure out what I liked.”

“But in the US…for a year. What about me, Sun? Didn't you consider how I'd

feel?” Ongsa says sadly. Her girlfriend suddenly told her she would move to the US for a year to find new experiences and search for her interest, and she revealed it two weeks before the final exam of the second semester. This is the worst. How is Ongsa supposed to feel?

“I've been thinking about this since the start of high school. I'm sorry for not

telling you sooner.” Sun has been determined to live with her relatives in the US for a year after graduating high school to find herself. All her life, she's been smart and excelled in everything. It might sound like something to celebrate about. But no…When you're good at everything, you don't know what you truly desire.

Sun wished to find herself before applying to university, but she got confused when she met Ongsa. Sun wants to find herself, indeed. But she doesn't want to be far away from her love…

“Did you wake up?”

Sun says, looking at the sleepy girl on the screen.

“No.”

The other girl answers.

“Wanna sleep some more?”

“No! I want to chat with my girlfriend.”

Ongsa insists despite her drowsiness.

“Did you study until late last night?”

Sun asks.

“Yeah. Two in the morning.”

“Get some rest, Ongsa. Don't overwork yourself, okay?”

“I miss you.”

The girl on the screen doesn't answer the question, yet her reply puts a smile on Sun's face. Ongsa has said, ‘I miss you,’ countless times since Sun moved here. It's been two weeks.

Sun decided to follow her heart by moving to the US and taking an English class. She flew here a week after graduating high school. At first, Ongsa kicked a fuss and got upset for several days. But when they talked with reasons, Ongsa finally understood her. Sun knew Ongsa had already understood her. She just needed time to make peace with staying far away from her girlfriend. Since they live on opposite sides of the world, the time zones are their big problem. The twelve hours time difference reduces their chatting time. The daytime for Ongsa is the nighttime for Sun and vice versa. Subsequently, they both needed to set the time to video-call each other. After a discussion, they concluded that Sun would video-call Ongsa at 8 p.m. every day, and Ongsa would wake up at 8 a.m. to answer. It's because Sun has an English class in the morning. She can't talk to Ongsa then since she has to get ready for school. Meanwhile, Ongsa has to study for the admission tests at night. That's why they're doing this. It might sound like a struggle, but it's worth it for these lovebirds.

[ Age 19 ] Ongsa is a freshman in the Department of Dentistry at one of the top universities. It was unbelievable to others that a lousy girl like Ongsa chose to apply to this department. In fact, Ongsa had always wanted to study dentistry since middle school. However, since the high school subjects were difficult and Ongsa never cared to manage time, her grades each semester were average, not high like her friends. It made her think the department might not be for her. But it was because of ‘Sun.’ Sun was the reason Ongsa fought again. Sun was pretty, smart, nice, and came from a wealthy family.

She was a perfect girl. There were many people Sun could choose from, yet she chose a lousy person like Ongsa. It was the reason Ongsa wished to be better. Ongsa wanted to be more mature and perfect than she had been so that Sun wouldn't be ashamed to be with an ordinary girl like her.

“Are you excited?”

“A little.”

Ongsa replies to the girl on the screen. Sun has lived in the US for months.

Ongsa has gotten used to talking to her girlfriend on the small rectangular screen. Ongsa spent half a year before going to university waiting to chat with Sun each day. Now, the university will start soon.

“Don't cry after the ice-breaking activity.”

Sun teases.

“It's an ice-breaking ceremony, not military training. How is it over there?”

“The same as usual. I've almost finished the English class. I'm thinking of

moving to another state and getting a part-time job.”

“Who will you stay with in another state?”

Ongsa asks immediately. Ongsa was worried when Sun told her she'd move to the US, but it was a relief that Sun would stay with her relatives. Now that she's going to move to another state, it's quite concerning.

“I'm a grownup, Ongsa. I can live alone.”

“But…I'm worried.”

“I'll take care of myself. Don't worry, okay?”

What else can Ongsa say…?

University admission tests are difficult. But graduating from university is freaking difficult. Ongsa has always known studying dentistry is exhausting and requires high patience.

Nevertheless, she never expected it to take this much time in her life. And this is her first year.

“As for the teacher appreciation ceremony, we need to decorate the pedestal

tray ourselves because the university isn't ordering it. Is there anyone who knows how to do it?” …Silence…

The answer is silence, which is to be expected. The girl, the head of major and the coordinator between departments, continues.

“Let's look for how to do it on YouTube. Let's help each other.”

“Will it be okay, Aun?”

Ongsa asks a friend, who has just sat down beside her after giving the others briefs.

“It has to be. We need to complete our duty. Still, it's so tiring, Ongsa.”

The girl says and leans on her friend's shoulder. Her best friend's action reminds her of the girl on the other side of the world. What is she doing right now? They haven't talked for two days. Sun has recently moved from her relatives' place to another state. If she were in Thailand, it would be no different from moving to another country. The time difference between Thailand and that state is fourteen hours. Sun must be busy settling down, while Ongsa is occupied with the start of her university life. And so, their chatting time is decreasing.

“Can we boil it and gulp it all down?”

Ongsa says.

“We should eat it raw for nutrients.”

“Should we use it as a pillow? It might seep into our brains.”

Ongsa continues.

“I think it'll seep out.”

“I'm hungry…Let's have some instant noodles.”

She's finally run out of patience. Ongsa asks her friend to take a break from studying and find something to eat. They're in the midterm exam season, which is completely different from high school. In high school, even if you don't study and fail the exam, you have a chance to fix your grade. It doesn't work like that in university. If you fail, you fail. If you don't pass the exam, you retake a course. If your grade is below average, you're dismissed. It's hard enough to compete with others during the admission tests, but it's harder to compete with yourself to graduate.

Sun hangs up the call a whole after waiting for Ongsa to answer. This is actually not the first time. Since Ongsa got into the university, they evidently haven't spent time together as much as before. Sun doesn't blame Ongsa, knowing she needs to study. Due to the time zone of the state she's moved to, finding time to chat is a big problem. Ongsa is free when Sun works her part- time job, while she's free when Ongsa attends her classes. It feels like the distance between them is slowly growing. Regardless, Sun never blames Ongsa. If someone is to blame, Sun knows it's her. She chose to search for herself and left Ongsa to wait. Sun doesn't mind it if Ongsa changes. But, deep down, she believes Ongsa will wait.

Sun isn't scared that love will lose to the distance. If it's true love…it won't lose to anything…

[ Age 20 ]

“Fah, this chapter doesn't need to be revised, right?”

“No, Sun. This chapter is amazing. I bet you'll get the perfect score.”

“True. It's such a great chapter. I got so invested. Well, you're in love.

Everything you write is romantic.”

“I referred to the novels I used for references. It's not about being in love.”

“Come on…Keep it down. Your love is coming.”

Everyone stares at the tall man walking toward them. Needless to say, his destination is their table.

“Hi, Kim.”

The girls greet at the same time.

“Hi girls. What are you doing?”

“We're talking about our assignments. What's the matter?”

“No. I just stopped by.”

The man replies, flashing a sweet smile at each of them.

“You stop by every day, Kim.”

One of the girls teases. The man scratches his neck shyly. He's never hidden his motive and is actually too open about this. He can't help feeling shy when getting teased, nonetheless.

“Kim, Sun just had a presentation. She must be parched.”

Says the girl next to Sun.

“Fah!!”

Sun yanks her friend's sleeve in alarm, but she doesn't care.

“Sun loves lemon tea.”

She continues, ignoring her friend tugging at her sleeve.

“What do you all want to drink? My treat.”

The senior asks, followed by the chaos of favorite menu announcements.

Everybody knows Kim, the third-year Department Prince, it's hitting on Sun, and people around them outright support it. Of course, who wouldn't take pleasure in seeing two good-looking people dating? Sun is pretty enough to be the Campus Princess. Unfortunately, she was sick during the selection.

Kim is handsome and nice, a gentleman through and through. He speaks to girls politely, melting their hearts. They all wait for Sun to yield and go out with him.

The life of a dental student seemingly has a rule that you must shake anything romance-related out of your head since it's a struggle enough to survive each semester. The future Dr. Nannapat is one of them, the group that nearly needs oxygen hoses to get through each semester. The Department of Dentistry and Ongsa are an unlikely match. Back then, her relatives were astounded to learn Ongsa got accepted. She even passed the TPAT1 tests, which made her become their favorite niece for months.

“Ongsa.”

“What?”

“I think Meiji really likes you.”

“Nonsense. I'll kick you if you talk about this again.”

“Hey, Ongsa, I'm serious. That's Meiji, the Department Princess. Are you

really going to ignore her?”

“Chin, how many times do I have to tell you she doesn't like me?”

“I think she does.”

Says Aun, who has been quiet for a while, signaling her friends to turn around.

“She comes to you all the time. How long can you stay stubborn, Ongsa?”

The boy whispers. Before Ongsa berates her friends, the said girl reaches her.

“Ongsa.”

“Y…Yes?”

Ongsa is shocked, not expecting her junior to close the distance this fast.

“I have something for you.”

“For me?”

Ongsa points at herself.

“Yes.”

“On what occasion?”

“I just want to give it to you. I'm leaving.”

The girl runs off before Ongsa asks more questions.

“She's so bold. I think you'll be a bottom, Ongsa…Ouch!”

“I told you to stop talking nonsense. I'll kick you, Chin.”

“I mean well. I want my friend to have a good girlfriend so she stops

daydreaming.”

“You won't cut it out?”

Ongsa raises her hand to hit her male friend, but Aun interrupts them.

“Stop it. You two fight like children. How silly. What about the peer mentor

revelation? Where are you taking your peer mentees?”

“We haven't decided. My fifth-year peer mentor hasn't replied to my text. I

doubt the sixth-year senior can come.” Chin answers.

“I'm not surprised if the sixth-year seniors are absent. Even we, in our

second year, almost have to kneel before our advisers to give us time to join the revelation.” Aun says, and she's right. They thought the second year would be more relaxing than the first, with no freshman activities. However, even with none of those activities, they study like maniacs. Exam days out number holidays.

They spent most of their time studying, studying, and studying.

“What about you?”

Chin asks Ongsa.

“We're talking about it. Somewhere nearby, probably. The older guys don't

have much free time. What about you, Aun?”

“Me? The old ones will choose, but they still don't know where to go. Well,

tell me when you've made decisions. My group might join you.”

“Sure.”

Sun's short film script is completed. She hopes the professor grades it well to be worth her effort. It's the script her friends found so remarkable that they thought she was in love. They weren't wrong, though, because Sun wrote it from her feelings, the feelings when she was dating a lousy girl, but it was in the past now. Still, it brings a smile to her face whenever she looks back.

“Sun, when will you go out with Kim? I feel bad seeing him chasing after you

every day.”

“I've told you I'm not into him.”

“But that's Kim, the Department Prince, and a model. He's rich and nice. With

such a perfect profile, you'll still ignore him? If it was me, I would go out with him when he smiled and said, ‘Sun, I'm Kim.’ ”

“If you like him that much, why don't you date him yourself, Fah? Why are

you persuading Sun?”

“He likes her, not me, Noey. Don't disturb us. I'm encouraging my friend to

have a good boyfriend.”

“Don't pay attention to her, Sun. Let's go to see the doctor with me.”

“You've been doing that forever, Noey. You've been pursuing him for half a

semester, yet you got nothing.”

“Things like this take efforts. Not only a good-looking guy like Him has the

right to be persistent. An ordinary-looking girl like me can be like that, too.

Please, Sun. Come with me.” Noey argues with Fah and begs Sun to be her wingwoman.

“Yeah, sure.”

“Yeah~ Sun is the best.”

“Count me in.”

“Does Beam know you like him, Noey?”

Sun asks as the three of them walk to the Department of Dentistry.

“She flirts with him outright. If he doesn't know, he's stupid. Ouch!! Noey,

why did you pinch me? It hurts.”

“Don't be rude to him.”

Short and clear.

“Why is it so crowded today? Is there an event?”

Sun asks since people flock in front of the department building. More importantly, they don't look like the university students here.

“Right. There's a seminar today.”

Noey seems to remember something.

“What seminar?”

Fah is curious.

“The seminar of the dental students. I don't know what it's about.”

“Oh, how do you know it's a seminar?”

Fah wonders.

“The dentistry page posted it.”

“You even checked that page?”

“Of course.”

“Hey, look. That man is freaking handsome.”

Fah points at a man from a different department a short distance away. Sun's eyes follow her friend's finger. However, she doesn't focus on that man but on someone that she's never expected to see here.

Ongsa is exhausted, so much so that she feels like dying. Her life as a dental student drained nearly all of her energy. She wants to quit during every exam.

Ongsa knew even before applying to this department that it would be rough.

But how should she put it? Before choosing the department in high school, she was in a serious relationship for the first time. That love was insanely tiring. Ongsa believed that if she could get through it, nothing would feel more exhausting. And yes…Ongsa was wrong. Being in love is tiring, but at least it makes her happy. On the contrary, attending a four-hour lecture and having lunch on the bus before joining the seminar in the afternoon is crazy!

Is there anything more exhausting than that?!

“It's full of good-looking people. I believe now that students here are

attractive. I wonder what they eat.” Aun says, looking around.

“I don't know what the girls eat, but I heard the boys eat each other.”

“Watch your mouth. Aun and I won't help you if they beat you up.”

“What?!! It's true. Can't you see? Look there. They're holding each other's

arms despite their manly faces.”

“Their preferences are their business, not yours, Chin.”

“Like the way you like girls?”

“Right!!”

“Hey, Ongsa, if you don't like Meiji, why don't you look for some girl here?

You might find someone to your liking.”

“I told you…”

“Someone has a crush on you? You've never told me.”

A mysterious voice cuts in before Ongsa replies to her friend.

The familiar voice, the chills on her neck, the suddenly darkened atmosphere.

It all feels ominous to Ongsa.

“So? Who's Meiji?”

Ongsa turns toward the voice. As expected, the girl is behind her. Oh, my goodness.

“Oh…Babe, what brings you here?”

“Cut it out. I should ask why you didn't tell me you'd come to my university,

babe.”

“I…I…”

Ongsa tries to make up an excuse, but her brain can't function.

“Who's Meiji? Why did you never tell me someone had a crush on you? Are

you going to cheat on me, Ongsa?”

“No way. No, no. Ask them if you don't believe me.”

Ongsa passes the buck to both of her friends. They're still confused by the whole situation.

“Ongsa…You were telling the truth when you told us about that?”

Aun asks, stunned.

“Who is this, Ongsa?”

Chin asks in curiosity. Who is this pretty girl? Why does she know Ongsa?

The way they address each other is not normal. How close are they to call each other ‘babe’? Sun's friends were surprised that Sun suddenly marched toward a group of dental students from another university. At first, Fah and Noey assumed she had spotted her friends. But the way they're talking sounds strange somehow.

“Oh…Babe, what brings you here?”

“Cut it out. I should ask why you didn't tell me you'd come to my university,

babe.”

“I…I…”

“Who's Meiji? Why did you never tell me someone had a crush on you? Are

you going to cheat on me, Ongsa?”

“No way. No, no. Ask them if you don't believe me.”

“If you don't want to tell me, fine. I'm leaving.”

“Wait, Sun!!

The senior seizes Sun's hand and turns to her friends.

“Hey, this is Sun, my girlfriend.”

“Huh?!”

Not only are those seniors shocked by those words, but so are Fah and Noey.

‘Her girlfriend’? What is this? Sun is in a relationship. With a girl. Is this

true?.It takes Ongsa a while to explain to the jealous girl that her joining the seminar is a sudden decision. The third-year students were supposed to be here, but, due to the mistake of the department's coordinators, they didn't have enough people to come. Consequently, they asked the sophomores to fill in their places. As for Meiji, Ongsa kept it from Sun as she knew Sun would overthink it. Plus, Ongsa isn't into her. Good thing her explanation lines with Aun and Chin's words, so Ongsa is safe, barely. Before they talk more, Ongsa and her friends are called to attend the seminar. Sun also leaves for her afternoon classes.

“Hey…Is that girl really your girlfriend?”

Chin stills finds it hard to believe.

“Yeah.”

“Why didn't you tell us you have such a pretty girlfriend?”

“Think carefully if I told you, Chin?”

“Ongsa told us, Chin, but we thought she was joking.”

Aun reminds him. Ongsa is quiet but charming, attracting both boys and girls.

She's been constantly flirted with since the first year, but Ongsa never cared.

Wondering why, her friends asked and she said she had a girlfriend. When they told Ongsa to introduce her to them, she said her girlfriend wasn't in Thailand. When they asked to see a couple photo, Ongsa had none besides a picture of a pretty girl she showed them one time. Besides, Ongsa never acted like a person in a relationship. Who would've thought she was telling the truth?

“I though you were joking.”

Chin says in shock. Ongsa looks at her friend's stunned expression and feels amused. Her relationship with Sun might've been the talk of the town in high school, but it was a secret in her university days. Barely anyone knows about their relationship since Ongsa sees no point in revealing it. The experience in high school has taught her that even if things like this are relatively acceptable in society, not everyone understands. The more people know it, the more problematic it gets. That's why she decided to hide it.

Ongsa got into the university one year before Sun. While Sun searched for herself in the US, their love became severely fragile. The distance and time were a big issue. They barely included each other in their lives, and it felt no different than being single. But Ongsa and Sun got through that point because they knew what was important to lovers. The distance pushed them away from each other, indeed. But as long as they had no else…

That should be enough, shouldn't it…? It was lonely without her girlfriend.

Even so, to risk losing her love by seeking warmth from others, Ongsa thought it wasn't worth it. Since Ongsa behaved like she was single, her friends understood that she was and tried to persuade her to date those chasing after her. When Ongsa confessed to them about Sun, they didn't believe her and asked for evidence. As a result, Ongsa let them be and planned to introduce Sun to them when she had a chance. Who would've thought she would have the chance sooner than expected?

“Sun, tell us everything.”

The friends demand shortly after separating from Ongsa. Fah and Noey still look confused by the situation, and Sun doesn't blame them. She's never mentioned Ongsa before. It's no surprise that her friends are in complete shock.

“Her name is Ongsa. She's my girlfriend.”

“Your girlfriend?!”

“Yeah.”

“Since when?”

Fah asks.

“The eleventh grade.”

“The eleventh grade?!”

It's known that society in university is different from high school. That's why Sun was worried and not comfortable enough to tell others about her personal life. But she's been friends with Fah and Noey for months, and they are good and sincere friends. It shouldn't be a problem to tell them about Ongsa. Plus, Sun doubts she can avoid it this time.

“Wooow, what a struggle. How did you two do that? You've been apart for

years and haven't broken up. That's freaking amazing.” Fah says, stunned, after listening to Sun's story.

“Yeah. How loyal. I respect you.”

Noey feels the same.

“Well, you two suit each other. You're pretty, and she's super cute. You have

such an attractive girlfriend. No doubt you're not interested in Kim.” Sun is amused by her friend's words. If they saw Ongsa when they had started dating, they would be even more speechless. The lousy girl in the past is now the charming future doctor. The university environment seems to have changed Ongsa into a different person. Even though she's still untalkative, she socializes more and takes care of herself like the dental student she is. She might look worn out from studying, but she got much prettier. As Vee goes to the same university as Ongsa, she's kept Sun posted since she was in the US.

That's why Sun knew her girlfriend got quite popular and constantly flirted with. That's what she meant when she said the lousy Ongsa was all in the past.

“I want to have a boyfriend like this.”

Fah says.

“A loyal person?”

Noey asks.

“No. A dental student. They're rich.”

[ Age 21 ] To a dental student. The first year is hell. The second year is absolute hell.

The third year is fucking hell! In the third year, there are laboratory classes, lectures, and the committee. Right. Ongsa is the student committee member, as Aun, her best friend, has asked. Given the experience in high school, Ongsa has learned that even if she doesn't join it, she'll still be involved if her best friend is one of the members, so she might as well become a member herself. As mentioned earlier, it's exhausting to study and work at the same time. Some days, Ongsa has a six-hour lecture and attends a lab class afterward, followed by a committee meeting in the late evening…Yes. You didn't misread it. A committee meeting in the late evening. No one is free during the daytime.

“Go take a shower.”

“Bathe me.”

“You pervert. If you don't shower, go back to your room.”

“How cruel. I'm your girlfriend. Remember?”

“I do. I even remember your smell. Now get up and take a shower, Ongsa.”

“All right.”

If Ongsa continues rolling on the bed stubbornly, Sun might smack her in the head. Despite herself, Ongsa grabs the towel Sun prepared and walks to the bathroom. Sun is now a sophomore, so she's allowed to move out of the dormitory. Her family bought her an apartment not too far from the university.

Well, Sun's family is well-off. Besides, the apartment also serves as their investment. Ongsa, however, still lives in a rental apartment near the university. As she barely has free time and the time spent on commuting is precious, accommodating near the university is an optimal option.

Even though they go to different universities and Ongsa studies really hard, Ongsa, like tonight, stays over at Sun's apartment once at least every week.

Two weeks if she's extremely busy.

“Your pajamas are there.”

Sun tells Ongsa when she steps out of the bathroom. Ongsa studies dentistry, a challenging department. She's super busy and even part of the student committee. Why is someone that great so frivolous when being with Sun? Sun even has to prepare clothes for her. Is she her girlfriend or kid?

“What are you doing, babe?”

Ongsa, all dressed up, walks over and plops down next to Sun.

“I'm putting on my cream. Can't you see?”

Sun shows Ongsa the container. She saw it yet still asked.

“Apply it on me.”

“Do it yourself.”

“If you don't do it, I won't.”

Huh?!! What's with her?

“Don't do it, then.”

Someone will whine in…

5 4 3 2 1

“You know, I'm so tired from all the classes.”

Here you go…

“Not to mention the committee.”

“...”

“And the lab classes. I'm aching all over. I can barely lift my arms. I actually

wanted to knock myself to sleep at my apartment and wake up tomorrow.”

“Why did you come here, then?”

“I missed my girlfriend. My girlfriend was alone. I came here because I was

afraid my girlfriend would be lonely. It took so long to get here. I was so exhausted, but I endured it out of love.”

“That doesn't make any sense. Stop trying to connect it.”

“It's okay if my girlfriend refuses to put the cream on me. I'll just go to bed

and wake up with a full complexion, dark circles, and pimples, not bright, like a corpse going to university.” How dramatic.

“Come and sit here. I'll do it for you.”

How annoying. Unbelievable!

“Sun, I'm sleepy.”

Ongsa whines. It's 11 p.m., yet Sun still hasn't turned off her laptop. Ongsa has been ready to go to bed for some time. She doesn't usually sleep this early, but she's really drained today.

“I need to finish the group project today. Go to bed first, babe.”

Sun turns to explain, and Ongsa nods. Ongsa understands, though she wishes to sleep beside her. Ongsa has her own responsibility, and Sun has hers. It's okay. Sun will cuddle her when she goes to bed.

“Babe, I haven't put on the lip balm.”

“It's on the vanity.”

“Help me.”

“Do it yourself. Can't you see I'm busy, baby?”

“Very well.”

Ongsa mumbles. She gets up from the bed to walk to the vanity but then remembers something.

“Sun.”

“Hmm?”

Sun turns around toward the voice behind her.

Muah ~ ~ The girl behind her gives her a kiss. Besides that, she rubs her Sun's lip with hers like a kid.

“Done. I'm going to bed.”

Ongsa says. She smirks and returns to bed. Ugh, what a prick! Who taught her to apply lip balm from someone else's lips? Two in the morning. Sun didn't think she would wrap up the group project this late. Now, she's ready to be knocked out anytime. It's best to turn off the laptop and go to bed right away.

Sun trudges to the bed to find the future dentist sleeping like a log. Will this person graduate to be a doctor for real? Can Sun feel sorry for her future patients in advance? She watches Ongsa in a deep sleep in adoration. They might not spend that much time together these days or be lovey-dovey like their puppy love days, but Ongsa is still the silly girl who loves her always.

Sun thinks she's lucky.

[ Age 22 ]

“If you want to break up, I won't stop you.”

Ongsa tries her best to keep her voice steady, but it's unbearably hard.

“Why did you say that? I've told you it's nothing. We were simply working

together. Why don't you understand?” Ongsa knows and understands it, but she's not talking about that. Her relationship with Sun has gotten worse and more fragile lately to the point that Ongsa feels she can't save it. Ongsa is in the fourth year now. Her life as a dentist has officially begun. It's so rough that even if she's freed from every activity, she barely has enough time each day. With all the lectures, lab classes, clinic, and research, she hasn't gotten proper sleep. During the exam seasons, she wishes she could split into twelve to finish everything in time.

Due to her hectic studying life, her relationship gets worse. Ongsa barely has time for Sun. To be accurate, they barely have time for each other. At the end of the second year, Sun's department sent her and a few other students to audition for commercials, and Sun passed. She received more offers after that. And now, Sun has starred in a TV drama. Even though it's not the main channel, it's still one of the big ones. Now that they both work, they barely get to see each other. Aside from that, they can't even so much have a phone call. Ongsa feels hopeless in this relationship, and it's worse because the male lead, Sun's pair, has strongly confirmed that he wishes to be more than her colleague. Sun can't turn him down outright to maintain the hype for the show. It's also impossible to reveal their relationship to the media.

Everything about Ongsa has been taken down from Sun's social media. Ongsa has always been aware that their relationship wouldn't be easy. Regardless, it's been five years. Why does it keep getting harder?

“Loving me is tiring for you, right?”

Sun says in resignation. Why wouldn't she know what Ongsa is thinking? She was always quick to jump to a conclusion.

That hasn't changed. Ongsa has never changed. Sun knew how upset Ongsa was that she deleted everything about her on social media, but she had no choice as it would affect their careers. Sun has never wished to hide it from anyone. Those who are close to Sun know where her heart belongs. As for the senior male actor, Sun has rejected him privately. Ongsa doesn't know that.

“Loving you isn't tiring. I just want you to be with a better person.”

Right…That man is probably better. At least he can stand beside Sun without making others see her as a weirdo, unlike Ongsa…

“I don't want a better person. I want the one who loves me…and the one I

love.”

“...”

“You're the only one”

[ Age 29 ]

“Keep the gauze in your mouth. Don't chew on this side if the wound hasn't

healed…Are there any more patients, Pang?”

“One more, Doc.”

“Okay. You and Ging can go home. I'll close the clinic myself.”

“Don't you need Ging to stay and help?”

“It's okay. I can handle it…Next person, please come.”

The dental assistant walks out of the examination room shortly after the patient has entered.

“Pang, let's go.”

“Can she work without your assistance, Ging?”

The receptionist of the clinic wonders. She understands why the dentist has allowed her to leave first as her job is done for the day, but isn't she too kind by letting the dental assistant leave as well? How will she operate?

“Of course, she can. There's nothing much to do. Now pack up.”

The older woman tells her junior, who recently started working here, to get ready to go home. Ging knows the dentist can use some privacy.

“Why did Sun come? Why don't you have to stay?”

The receptionist asks as she walks to the bus stop with her older colleague.

“No reason. She came to visit our dentist.”

“Oh…They're friends, huh? Aren't you jealous of her, Ging, for having such a

gorgeous friend? She should ask Sun to promote our clinic to attract more patients.”

“Don't we already have our hands full?”

“Yeah, you're right. Sun visits our clinic very often. Like, almost every week.

She must be close to Dr. Ongsa.”

“Yeah…They're really close”

“Haven't you told your receptionist about us?”

Sun asks now that they're alone.

“I don't think it's necessary.”

“That explains why she's shocked every time I come here.”

“If she's more attentive, she'll notice this is not normal. You visit the clinic

every week. How can someone have a cavity that often?”

“You're badmouthing her. What a mean dentist.”

“Oh…Why am I being scolded?”

“I don't care. Will you go home now? Is there anything left to do?”

“Yeah. I have one more patient.”

“A patient? Who?”

Sun asks in confusion. Ongsa has told her assistant to leave and locked the door. Where can Ongsa's patient possibly be?

“You, babe.”

“Huh?”

“You haven't gotten a dental checkup for months. I think I spotted a cavity in

your mouth the other day. Lie down.”

“Are you serious?”

“I sure am. Lie down. If there's a cavity, I'll treat it right away. You're a

celebrity. You shouldn't have a cavity.” Sun is puzzled that Ongsa wants to give her a checkup all of a sudden. When did she spot her cavity, though? Sun doesn't even feel it. Even so, she lies down on the dental chair compliantly. Ongsa covers Sun's face with a cloth, following the steps. She then turns on the light on her face and tells Sun to open her mouth. Sun keeps her mouth open for some time, and nothing happens. She begins to get irritated.

“Will you treat me or not, Doc?”

“Maybe not today. Let's do it later.”

Ongsa says, pulling the cloth off. Sun's eyes hurt from the bright light connected to the dental chair. What is Ongsa up to? Sun is about to scold Ongsa when Ongsa turns off the light, letting Sun see something sticking to the lamp. A red velvet box. The past memory flashed in Sun's mind. Ongsa didn't bring her a sacred object again, did she?

“Sun…Will you marry me?”

She proposes to her out of the blue?

“Wait. That's a question. Let me do over.”

What's with her?

“Marry me, Sun. This is not a plead…This is me begging for your love.”

“Please.”

“You're as corny as ever.”

“Do you love me, though?”

“Very much.”

“Will you marry me, then?”

“...Yeah.”

“Yes!”

Getting married…? It's faster than she expected. Sun has actually been considering it, but she never went as far as to plan the wedding. Sun has started to have enough with life in the entertainment industry. From now on, she wishes to live in a different way, one with a family building with someone. Of course, that person is the girl smiling at her right now. The girl who has been by her side for twelve years. The one the world tilted toward her. Even though it's hard to find true love, trust her, one day, the slanted world axis will tilt someone toward you.

…Do you believe in destiny…?



